joy#On days when I feel close to my partner and other friends. When I feel at peace with myself and also experience a close contact with people whom I regard greatly. 
anger#When I had been obviously unjustly treated and had no possibility of elucidating this. 
sadness#When I think about the short time that we live and relate it to the periods of my life when I think that I did not use this short time. 
joy#After my girlfriend had taken her exam we went to her parents place. 
anger#When a car is overtaking another and I am forced to drive off the road. 
sadness#When I recently thought about the hard work it takes to study and how one wants to try something else. When I read a theoretical book in English that I did not understand. 
joy#When I pass an examination which I did not think I did well. 
anger#When one is unjustly accused of something one has not done. 
sadness#When ones studies seem hopelessly difficult and uninteresting. 
joy#Passing an exam I did not expect to pass. 
anger#Friends who torture animals. 
joy#When I had my children. 
anger#When my partner was attacked and lost three teeth. 
sadness#When I see children on T. V from areas devastated by drought and war. 
joy#When my child was born. 
anger#Unjust accusations directed at me and my way of acting by someone close to me. 
sadness#Failing an examination. 
joy#When I saw a person I had not seen for a long time. 
anger#When I heard on the radio that the football match in Belgium had ended in a catastrophe and several people had died. I could not understand how normal people could behave in such a way. 
sadness#When I feel lonely perhaps because I have to study a lot and I am shut up in my appartment. Nothing happens in particular because there is no time for anything else. 
joy#When I was accepted for a course on finance and accounting. 
anger#At my Summer job nobody looked after me in particular and I had to learn all on my own. 
sadness#When I was not accepted as a student in finance and accounting. 
joy#Passed an exam by 2 points. 
anger#When I spoke to JanErik Wikstr÷m on the telephone. 
sadness#Railway station goodbye. 
joy#I passed an exam that I was absolutely certain that I had failed. 
anger#I locked myself out. 
sadness#I missed the last tram home and had to walk in the pouring rain. 
joy#When I won a trip to Greece in a competition. 
anger#At work when an elderly man complained unjustifiably about me and distrusted me. 
sadness#When I had not understood anything after a lecture. 
joy#At a friends birthday party with some of my closest friends. It was all very pleasant and one could say that I was happy to have such good friends. 
anger#Mad at my dad. 
sadness#A case of unrequited love. 
joy#I felt very happy when I won the football pools. 
anger#When someone stole my bike. 
sadness#When I saw the list of books to read for an acccouting course I thought Oh God how will I ever manaage it! 
joy#When the whole family gets together for a one week holiday. Everybody feels free and the trip is well planned. It works out well and we enjoy ourselves. 
anger#When friends try to put me down or hurt me. 
sadness#Marriage crises. Boredom. 
joy#When I passed the first examination that I had to repeat. 
anger#When my boyfriend went away for a month long holiday without me. 
sadness#Last year when I worked during the Summer holidays and studied at the same time for an examination I had to repeat my boyfriend went to Greece for a holiday for a month. 
joy#The day I was told that I had been accepted as a student of economics. 
anger#At a restaurant I observed how the gypsies tried to get money by cheating the foreigners i. e non Swedish speaking. My anger had nothing to do with hatred against foreigners but it was an expression of the anger I feel when I see people being used. 
sadness#At the begining of a new course one is afraid of encountering problems one can not manage. Thoughts revolve around failing the subject and the consequences it would have for the future. 
joy#When I found out that I had passed the last two exams by a margin of three marks. 
anger#When I got caught in the pouring rain last Thursday and did not have a raincoat on me. 
sadness#When I failed an exam. 
joy#When I gave birth to my son and saw that he was alive and that I had managed it well. He was born a month too early with a malfunctioning lung. This happened a year ago. 
anger#When a colleague asked me for help at work despite the fact that he had more time to do it than I had. 
sadness#When I did not get the salary increase that I had been expecting and understood how little ones work was appreciated. 
joy#New years eve 1983/1984 I met my girlfriend. We stood on the steps outside her parents home and I kissed her for the first time. 
anger#The editor changed the heading of an article that I had written. He considered the heading to be derogatory towards the person I had written about. 
sadness#A close acquaintance of the family died of lung cancer. Although it was expected I still felt depressed. 
joy#When I got the loan for my studies. 
anger#On the T. V I saw a news feature on South Africa. A policeman attacked a group of black people with a whip. 
sadness#The thought of having to read a boring book of 400 pages in English. 
joy#When my sister after a history of one abortion and one stillbirth gave birth to a perfectly healty boy. 
anger#We were starting a student project and the teacher we talked to was very negative and not very helpful. 
sadness#When my boyfriend openly let me down preferring another girl. 
joy#Unexpected visit by a close friend whom I hadnt seen for half a year. 
anger#Being treated unfairly. 
sadness#Breaking up with a girl. 
joy#When I was accepted as a student at the college not having thought it possible. 
anger#I was accused of having done something which I hadnt and got very angry. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. 
joy#A couple of years ago during the summer holiday I was fishing at a lake with my husband. Suddenly it started raining while the sun was still shining. I experienced a feeling of joy happiness and fulfillment. the whole nature was full of music. 
anger#I went to a lecture and once again it had been cancelled this was the second time. One had a negative attitude towards the lecturer. 
sadness#I heard that a former superior of mine had died I was later at home home reading about it in the newspaper and I thought of our interaction and how it was no longer possible. The limited scope of human life is sad. 
joy#I had a summer job in Sweden and my boyfriend came to meet me on my birthday. 
anger#In the holiday cottage of our association two of my pals came to wake me up early one morning by bringing a radio played at the highest volume into my room it was the morning service at its loudest. 
sadness#My grandmother died suddenly last summer. 
joy#I was told quite unexpectedly that one wanted me to become the vicechairman of our student organisation. I was really surprised and joy was the first emotion I felt though behind it there was worry how shall I succeed? 
anger#We were in a disco and the evening was not at all pleasant. Despite my not knowing why I was angry with my companion. I let him feel my bad humour as I cannot hide my feelings. 
sadness#My grandmother died and my mother called me one sunday morning in the Autumn. The way my mother told me about it I hated her at that moment. She sounded as if she had been waiting for the death of my grandmother. I had lost a person close to me. I felt guilty too as I had been bad to my grandmother of late. I had not remained calm when she no longer understood everything so well. 
joy#Last night I had a chat with a fellow student. I had known her for about half a year and for the first time we were speaking the same language meaning an inspiring discussion and encounter. 
anger#I sometimes quarrel with my mother because she blames me though I have not in any way been connected to some events. 
sadness#After hearing about the death of my grandfather. First I could not believe it but later I wept and felt the situation was hopeless. I felt lonely and wanted to be consolated. 
joy#I met a dear friend of mine after a long time. I expressed my feelings in our own usual way by mutual scolding and abusing with complete understanding and by touching patting and taking the hand of the other person etc. . . 
anger#Two boys whom I know were telling me in an indecent manner how they had teased a young and shy girl I know. They had despised her conviction scorned and touched her. I got very angry and did not try to conceal it and gave it back to them. 
sadness#My sweetheart left me or rather we decided to break it off by mutual consent. The consequences were unrestrained weeping feelings of loneliness hopelessness and disconsolation. I felt that I should find a friend to talk to joyfully and to forget. 
joy#When I won a tennis match. 
anger#When my tennis match was interrupted because a kid cycled right into the court. 
joy#Celebrations on the graduation day with the orchestra playing in the garden I am a part of this orchestra. 
anger#I had a very heavy work load and two colleagues whom I have nothing against disturbed me by terror ringing i. e continously interrupting me by telephoning. 
sadness#After an exam which I failed. 
joy#When I met an old schhol friend school love who works in Sk+vde. 
anger#When I was deputy manager during the Summer certain deputies took liberties more than what was normal. 
sadness#When I realized that my girlfriend whom I like and I were going to separate. 
joy#Passed the last exam. 
anger#I reached the bus stop and realized that I had forgotten my bus pass. 
sadness#My current work load is too much. The feeling comes back from time to time. 
joy#When my one year old son gives me a spontaneous kiss. 
anger#When someone does something wrong which affects me negatively. 
sadness#When I think about my parents getting old. 
joy#An excolleague asked me if I was interested in working in their accounts bureau. They needed clever people and he had immediately thought of me. 
anger#I saw a report on T. V news on apartheid in South Africa. 
joy#When my girlfriend became pregnant. 
anger#The time when someone let the air out of the tyres of my cycle. 
sadness#When I read a lot and did not remember anything. 
sadness#Long illness. 
joy#When I passed an exam. 
anger#When I missed the tram after having run for it. 
sadness#The inability to read a book at college. 
joy#I worked at a lawyers office during Summer and I got a very good reference from him. 
anger#When I am accused of something I have not done I get unbelievably angry. 
sadness#When I began to read a thick book which I had a limited time to read. Also when I have a lot of work to do and I cannot keep up. 
joy#When I was finally qualified for my profession. 
anger#Someone drove into my car and then denied that it had happened. 
sadness#When I was told that my friends wife had cancer. 
joy#I stopped working had a boring job. 
anger#Quarrel in the family. 
sadness#When I am alone in a room with no contact with anyone loneliness drains me. 
joy#When I get a hug from someone I love. 
anger#My car had been towed away by the traffic police because it had been wrongly parked. However the sign had been put up only after I had already parked. 
sadness#After an operation I had to stay in bed for a long time. 
joy#When I won an unexpected sum of money. 
anger#A colleague asked me for some advice and as he did not have enough confidence in me he asked a third person. 
sadness#I wanted to be pregnant and did not succeed so I was depressed at every menstruation. 
joy#When I was at a party I met an old friend from an adult education course. We had not met for 2 years but had both thought a lot about each other. A wonderful experience. 
anger#When close relatives tried to dissuade me from studying Psychology because of its low status. 
sadness#I had a long discussion on politics with an acquaintance. He was more knowledgeable than me and I failed to explain my point of view and was misunderstood so I felt depressed and left. 
joy#When I recently got an appartment in central Gottenburg. 
anger#My employer took too many aspirins for a bad back and also drank an enormous amount of spirit. This was dangerous and he did not understand that he had done anything wrong. 
sadness#When I left New York and all my family and my friends behind me. 
joy#When my son returned from mountaineering healthy in body and soul. 
anger#The sports fishermen who catch gulls instead of fish with their hooks. It is often a mistake but it makes me angry. 
sadness#I feel sad about an event I can not influence. 
joy#When I was informed that I had been accepted as a student of Psychology. 
anger#When I found out that the guy I was dating at a particular time had a steady relationship going on with someone else for a long time. 
sadness#I felt sad and depressed when I heard that our cat had died. 
joy#When I was acceptted as a student of psychology. 
anger#When after a week at school a teacher sent a note home saying that my son was inattentive and unable to do his lessons. 
sadness#When I thought that it was going to be impossible for me to start studying due to wrong information from the student advisor. 
joy#When my son was born. 
anger#When I was pointed out as a problem child in primary school and my mother took the teachers point of view. 
sadness#When I was accused of neglecting work for the wrong reasons. 
joy#When after 10 months of national service I was downgraded and did not have to do the remaining 5 months. 
anger#When my parents drove me to a nearby place and went home immediately instead of waiting a few hours. They could have easily waited. 
sadness#When my exgirlfriend and I discovered that there was a certain risk of her being pregnant. 
joy#When my older sister told us that she was thinking of joining the rest of the family for the winter sports holiday. 
anger#When we were in high school a few guys sometimes provoked a friend of mine. They called her a pig and then grunted. This irritated most of the girls. Once one of the girls got angry at my friend and said something nasty and this made me terribly angry. 
sadness#I talked to my boyfriend on the phone when I was in high spirits and had a lot to tell him. I had been looking forward to this conversation and he did not listen to me to the extent that I had anticipated. 
joy#When I got through the first day here at the department. 
anger#When my boyfriend sat up half the night playing computer games with a friend. 
sadness#When I had to leave my mother and my sister after a weeks visit. 
joy#When i was asked to be a childs godmother. 
anger#When my mother interfered in my life. 
sadness#When I was left alone one weekend without being prepared for it. 
joy#When my husband suddenly came to see me at my new job and brought some flowers and cake with him. 
anger#When my father asked me if I was a communist at the same time he made it clear that I should no longer see myself as his daughter. 
sadness#When I applied for a job which I thought I had a good chance of getting I was not even granted an interview and did not get the job. 
joy#When we were able to afford a new sofa a leather one which cost SEK 20000. I had waited for it for 23 years. 
anger#When my boss enrolled in a course to satisfy his own ends to trample on his associates. I have the misfortune to have one of my superiors in my course. 
sadness#When I argue with my mother about the way she treats her two children differently. 
joy#When I recently managed to get my first consulting assignment myself i. e on my own initiative. 
anger#When my friend as usual forgot the tickets at home for a performance. We missed it. 
sadness#The elections of 1982 and 1985. The thought of what a social democrat and communist majority could achieve especially worker share funds and its extension. 
joy#When I was appointed to position of trust in a group set up to change the working environment. 
anger#When I tried to explain to a plumber face to face that the toilet was broken and he did not believe it it had been mended ten times. 
sadness#When the result of a project work was treated nonchalantly intead of being criticized by the teacher. 
joy#After my girl and I talked things over our relationship changed and became positive. A diificult time turned into pleasant one. 
anger#When I read about Reagans tactical decision concerning the South African boycott. 
sadness#When my half brother became seriously ill with cancer and died later. 
joy#When I was offered a high position of trust which I later accepted. 
anger#Some noisy guests arrived at the hotel. I had been slightly irritated earlier. At night when I was trying to sleep they were having a party so I went and yelled at them. I wanted to sleep as I had to get up early the next day. 
sadness#When I was told that I had not been successful in getting the job I had been expecting. I was sure that I was sufficiently qualified. 
joy#Cycling in the spring sunshine gives me such delight. Happiness is to be healthy my wonderful finance. Simply being here on earth. 
anger#Recently when my sister who is four years younger than me and very spoiled shouted at my mother for no apparent reason. The heartbroken expression on my mothers face made me feel very angry. 
sadness#When I watched the T. V programme called The living planet and saw the far reaching environmental destruction caused by man. 
joy#On a boat trip to Denmark 14 of us had a lot of fun and we spent SEK 10 each on one armed bandits and against all odds we won the jackpot of SEK 1000. 
anger#On the way home from Marstrand I was driving behind my fathers car. Another car tried to push in front of my father and he was forced to swerve and he thus collided the car with a pillar. The other car drove off without even seeing what had happened. 
sadness#My girlfriend who had spent 6 months abroad broke off our relationship by letter. 
joy#When I was at the endofterm party last week and had fun was happy and sang and drank only soft drinks. It is possible to have a good time without alcohol. 
anger#In a course I thought that I deserved good marks but I only got ordinary marks with no justification as to why I was given these marks. 
sadness#When I crashed my car and it had to be scrapped then. It was my fault and I feel depressed as I miss the car. 
joy#When I felt that my love was returned. 
anger#When it became clear that a man had used many people sexually and psychologically despite the fact that many people looked up to him. I understood that one could not trust him and I was forced to hide this for a while. 
sadness#When I feel helpless after having tried to help someone without any result. 
joy#When I recently got a very positive answer from a clinic telling me that they would willingly assist and collect data for me for a clinical pilot study. 
anger#When after a lot of provocation my child threw a plate on the floor. 
sadness#When I realized that I could not communicate properly with my closest friend. 
joy#When I began dansing the teacher came and told me that I was very good and would soon get into the ballet academy. 
anger#When I was forced to call the telephone company about a bill concerning a disconnected phone belonging to my landlord. The bill was four months overdue and in the meanwhile he had been using my phone he seemed to have no intention of having his own phone reconnected. 
sadness#Whenever I read or think about the way people treat animals and nature. 
joy#When my 6 month old son is happy and well. 
anger#After an examine I had been satisfied with. 
sadness#When a colleague failed to contact me at the arranged time. 
joy#When I gave birth to a healthy boy. 
anger#Jealous of my husbands old girlfriend. We met her with her husband and there was a lot of reminiscing. 
sadness#When my daughter had problems with her friends and I could see her predicament from the window. She was given a the cold shoulder. 
joy#When my husband and I decided to take a few days holiday after a particularly trying period. 
anger#Exchange of points of view with my sister on a family matter. 
sadness#Treatment to become pregnant with a negative result. 
joy#When I gave birth to a child and saw that it was normal when it was put against my breast. 
anger#At a cash desk where I had gone to buy 16 rolls of kitchen paper at a reduced price. After queuing with screaming children it turned out that I had taken two 8 roll packets instead of the one 16 roll packet to which the rebate applied. The assistant said You will have to get it another time. 
sadness#When I first heard that Tage Dannielsson had died. 
joy#The high school entrance exam. 
anger#An unjust refree decision at a sports event when I was the team leader. 
sadness#When my girlfriend left me. 
joy#Yesterday when the final whistle blew at the final match between OIS and IFK and it was certain that OIS had won the Swedish title. 
anger#A drummer who had borrowed my drums destroyed both the drumskin and the sticks. He did not repair them nor did he tell me about it. 
sadness#When my dad gives priority to my kid brothers band and his other activities. We both play in different bands and rehearse in my parents garage. 
joy#When I dived among sharks and the brightly coloured fish on the outer reef of Tvavni Fidgi. 
anger#When I told off a computer teacher who did not want to teach me beacause of prejudice. 
sadness#When I could not do anything because of a bad back. 
joy#When I passed the driving test three weeks ago and got my licence. 
joy#When I met friends I had not seen for the last 24 years. 
anger#When the morning newspaper has not arrived. 
joy#I feel unbelievably happy about the relationship between my boyfriend and me it is a reoccurring feeling. 
anger#When I argue with my boyfriend I feel as though he feels superior to me. 
sadness#When I failed an exam last Summer. I had worked very hard for it and I was very disappointed thinking that it was hopeless to continue at college. I did overreact. 
joy#I was very happy when I got an attractive Summer job. 
joy#The birth of my child. 
anger#When during Winter the water pipes froze and we did not have any water for two days. 
sadness#I did not quite succeed in breast feeding my baby. 
joy#During the Christmas holidays I met some of my old friends after not having seen them for six months. 
anger#When our religion teacher presented shocking sectarian thoughts and dooms day as official teaching. 
sadness#My grandfather died when I was an exchange student in the USA. 
joy#In the undergrounds escalator a youngish bum asked me for money. Although I did not give him anything the fellow told me that I was really goodlooking. A man who was in front of me also turned to look at me. 
anger#In the student kitchen that we share somebody drank from my juice pot one litre so that I only got one glass out of the whole pot. 
sadness#My father gave money to my brother but not to me. 
anger#I missed the train and had to wait for the next for two hours. For this reason I missed an appointment which had been very important for me. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. I had lived with her for ten years. 
joy#A person with whom I had been on bad terms gave me a present. We became reconciled. 
anger#I was watching TV with a friend. After the first film I wanted to watch another film on the same channel. My friend switched over to the other cannel without asking me what I wanted. 
sadness#My boyfriend an I seperated on his initiative. 
joy#After having considered it for hours I was able to overcome my scruples and to call a friend with whom I had fallen in love. I realized that my decision was right and was very glad. 
anger#I moved to a flat. A friend who had lived there before had left the flat in a terrible mess. I was very angry about that sloppiness and impudence. 
sadness#My father had a complicated operation. A long time before and also a long time after that we did not know how he would get over it. During all that time I felt very sad. 
joy#In summer when I was sailing with friends in Greece I felt joy. 
joy#Walking along the beach with a friend another girl talking picking up shells laughing chasing seagulls. 
anger#A friend suggested in a roundabout way that the reason we were late for something was because of me and that Im often late. I know this was partly true but felt it unjustified that particular time and I felt I couldnt do anything about it anyway i. e. being late. 
sadness#Talking to a very good friend who had just had a very bad experience which was changing his whole way of looking at life etc. 
joy#On meeting an old friend of mine. 
anger#During a fight with my best friend. 
sadness#When my dog died. 
joy#When I realised that I was forgiven by the God who is there when I realised how much God loves me and that my acceptance with him is not based on my performance that he loves me unconditionally and showed that love in Christ who died because I do need forgiveness. 
anger#At my fathers treatment of my mother at his disregard for her and not being committed to her. 
sadness#At a lack of love of my father for my mum sadness for him more than anyone else because he does not realise how much love and happiness there could be between them and is and how much he is damaging himself apart from mum. 
anger#I told my boy friend not to park in a certain place because the car would ger towed away he didnt listen and it was towed away. At that stage our finances were below the poverty line & it cost us $10. 00 all the money we had to get us through that week including rent. 
sadness#My sister won a scholarship to Norway and it was particularly as she walked across the tarmac to get on the plane and she looked back at us. 
joy#I received a wedding invitation from an exflatmate enclosed was a small note that overcame a lot of the differences that had arisen between us due to the circumstances in which she left the flat. 
anger#Getting a terrible exam mark which I couldnt understand the reason for and trying to see a lecturer or tutor but being given the runaround. 
sadness#Watching an old lady running up the street to catch her bus and miss it it reminded me of my own mother and how dreadful it would be to be her in the same situation. 
anger#When a close relative is treated badly. 
sadness#When a close friend died. 
joy#When I called my boyfriend he asked me if I would live with him. 
anger#When my fathers new fiancee treats me like a child. She does not trust me and constantly misunderstands me. I get particularly angry when she says nasty things about my boyfriend with whom she works. 
sadness#When the guy I was in love with told me that he had met someone else and that we would not meet again for a year. Although we did not have a steady relatioship we were having an affair. 
joy#When my love for a guy was returned. 
anger#My parents did not approve my choice of a boyfriend now an exboyfriend. He happened to be 13 years older than me and he was considered completely unsuitable for me. IDIOT. 
joy#I met my present boyfriend on a boat trip to England. We had said that we would call each other when we got back to Sweden we were not going to the same town in England. As soon as I walked in he called from England as he could not wait till he came home. 
anger#There was a sofa in my flat which belonged to the old tenants who were acquaintances. It should have been picked up a year ago but they had postponed it. Eventually they decided on one date and I stayed at home despite the fact that I had other things to do. They did not come nor did they call and they still have not got in touch with me. 
sadness#When my exboyfriend and I separated. 
joy#When I fell in love. 
anger#A girl I was with went off with another guy. 
sadness#At setbacks. 
joy#When I was accepted as a student of Psychology here at Gutttenburg. 
joy#I made dinner for some friends and they appreciated it very much. 
anger#My father and I had an argument because I do not help enough at home. 
joy#After intercourse. 
anger#Quarrelled with my younger brother. 
sadness#When I woke up after a nightmare. 
joy#When I was notified that I had been accepted as a Psychology student. 
anger#A lady I live with had not bothered to clean up before she went on holiday I live in a collective. 
sadness#When I heard that a good friend had committed suicide. 
joy#After I had made my debut at Ullevi against IFK Gottenburg and got a good write up in the paper. 
sadness#When I found out that I had failed to pass my exams during the term by one point. The fact that exactly the same thing had happened last term did not help. 
joy#As an evening class teacher I got positive feedback. When the atmosphere is good and a kind of relaxed understanding exists. 
anger#The sight of a man who ran amok fighting at a dance. 
sadness#When out of work. 
joy#When I was accepted as supervisor for a student teacher. The notification came by post. 
anger#With the job appointments committee when the headmaster in charge explained that a male teacher was more suitable for the particular post. I had more years of service than the male teacher but this was not taken into consideration. I could have been given a less attractive job if things had gone the way the headmaster wanted. 
sadness#A colleagues 17 year old daughter is seriously ill with cancer and has only a year to live. I heard about it 6 weeks ago. 
joy#When a close friend met me at the station in the middle of the night when I came back from a long and tiring journey. 
anger#Someone didnt show up at a meeting in spite of having agreed to come. 
sadness#When I understood that my marriage was falling apart and we decided to be legally separated. 
joy#When I was able to buy my new car after lots of problems. 
anger#When I tried to put up a tent some years ago I was teased and hindered by my cousin. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#When I was admitted to a certain school as a student. 
anger#A drunken friend of mine was beating up another friend who was also drunk. 
sadness#When I didnt get a certain job at Lillehammer which I wanted very much. 
joy#When my father managed to begin a new life after the divorce from my mother resulting in a new little sister for me. 
anger#My mother and her friends were speaking badly about my father when they were separated and my brothers and sisters and myself were allowed to listen. 
sadness#Being bored in school not being able to marry and have children. 
joy#I was in hospital and then was visited by someone quite unexpected. 
anger#I was accused of a misdemeanour unjustly. 
sadness#When my girlfriend left me. 
joy#When I finally managed to get a specific sound from my guitar after baving tried for a long time. 
anger#Meeting generally dominating persons in social occasions. 
sadness#Discovering that Lillehammer provided no musical environment that suits my taste even though I had been told so. 
joy#When my children were born. 
anger#When my father phoned me to come home from my vacation since he no longer had the time to look after my garden and animals. 
sadness#When I was told that a good friend was seriously ill. 
joy#When my special friend said I love you for the first time. 
anger#When my car suddenly broke down! 
sadness#When an earlier friend was spreading negative rumours about me. 
joy#When my term paper was evaluated. 
anger#Angry with my brother who was making fun of me teasing me. 
sadness#When my gradmother died. 
joy#Got in touch with earlier friends after a long absence. 
anger#Being subject to unfair treatment in a working group someone bending the rules was protected by the boss. This resulted in more work for the others. 
sadness#The death of a close friend. 
joy#Receiving a much wanted letter from a very good friend who lives abroad. 
anger#One of my best friends accused me of giving up to early on problems. It was only a casual remark on her side but I was angry and hurt. 
sadness#Realizing that school will soon be over and we will all go different ways perhaps never meeting again our friends from this year. 
joy#A friend which I hadnt seen for years sent me a small present. 
anger#I was subject to false accusations and got very angry. 
sadness#I was told by a good friend that we couldnt be friends any more because of his relationship with another girl. 
joy#When my fiancee travelled 2000 Km to visit me and I hadnt seen her for 4 months. 
anger#I felt unfairly treated at an airport being told to use a different counter for domestic traffic only. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. 
joy#When the person that I was very fond of returned to me. 
anger#When students in our working group showed no responsibility or interest in our work. 
sadness#A very close friend left me. 
joy#A close acquaintace cried for me. I felt happy because somebody cared. 
anger#My nephew is a deaf and also hyperactive boy. I had been responsible for looking after him for a full day and was very tired. Then he suddenly grabbed a knife and stabbed me in the leg. I got so angry that I didnt feel any pain. 
sadness#A woman I know is slowly dying from cancer. Observing this process makes me sad. 
joy#Renewed contact with an earlier friend. 
anger#A close friend first said he accepted an agreement but later used that agreement as a reason for attacking me. 
sadness#When realizing that my girlfriend and myself in fact had started the process of breaking up. 
joy#Receiving a postcard form my sweetheart who was abroad on vacation not being at all sure if he would write me or not. 
anger#When I tried to breake it up with my boyfriend and he refused to let me go. 
sadness#Having to go back home form the U. S. after having been there for ten weeks to visit my brother and his family. 
joy#Finding my glasses again after having lost them in town. 
anger#Having a fight with a class mate. 
sadness#When the gear broke on my car. 
joy#I got a job right after school was over. 
anger#I get angry when people disbelieve me or misunderstand me. 
sadness#At the death of a close relative. 
joy#Having passed the exam required to be an authorized Radio/TV dealer. 
anger#Being a spokesman for the union I got into a quarrel with a colleague who had been acting disloyally over a sustained period of time. 
sadness#When my grandfather died with whom I had a very close relationship. 
joy#Succeeding in helping others. 
anger#When others let me down fail to keep agreements. 
sadness#Death in the close family. 
joy#I received the message that Id been accepted at the school where I really wanted to go. 
anger#I was accused of having drunk a bottle of liquor and then refilling with water. 
sadness#Got a package from my parents without even a small note enclosed. 
joy#Winning the local soccer championships this year was a great joy. 
anger#When colliding with my car. I myself was to blame. 
sadness#Not succeeding in a crosscountry skiing competition which I intended to win. 
joy#Getting the top price in the football pools. 
anger#When my mother treats me as a 10year old boy. 
sadness#Getting to know that my uncle in America had a brain tumor. 
joy#Receiving close friends form abroad whom I hadnt seen for years. 
anger#Having agreed to share the taxi expenses three people in the back of the car just ran off leaving the person up front with the entire bill. 
sadness#Death of a close friend. 
joy#Selling my used car. 
anger#Realizing that a friend had been talked into signing a certain contract. 
sadness#Talking to a pensioned and bitter street order policeman. 
joy#Managed to run 30 Km on skis fairly simply. 
anger#Receiving personal criticisms early in the morning. 
sadness#Not getting a job. 
joy#Reunion with my wife after a legal separation. 
anger#Physical violence. A friend wouldnt listen to me I repeatedly tried to warn him to no avail. Result: eight people were pissed off. 
sadness#My father dying. 
joy#Relating to my closest family. 
anger#In traffic I often get relatively angry with other drivers. Several transgressions make me mad especially not yielding to priority traffic e. g. coming from the right. 
sadness#Losing close people and animals. So far Ive felt most when losing our dog in a traffic accident. 
joy#When the contract about my shop was signed. 
anger#Having gone to school without learning anything as usual. 
sadness#My sweatheart were away on a trip and then she got problems. 
joy#Receiving a letter form a girl that means a lot to me emotionally. 
anger#Being slandered by friends. 
sadness#Love problems. 
joy#I won the country ski championship. 
anger#Angry when our team small boys lost the county championship football final. 
sadness#My grandfathers death. 
joy#When the bank let me borrow some money this winter after my grant was spent. 
anger#My father accused my brother of having bumped his car and it was wrong. 
sadness#When a girlfriend left me. 
joy#I am a school teacher. At a teacherparent meeting I received a good deal of positive feedback on my work both from the parents and through them from the pupils. 
anger#I had a discussion with my mother concerning my sisters divorce we disagreed strongly. 
sadness#As a tenyearold I was at the funeral of my grandfather. It was more the ceremonies held in the church and not really the death of my grandfather which made me sad. 
joy#A successful lesson. 
anger#A conflict with a pupil. 
sadness#When I am at home alone. 
joy#When in an economic crisis I got an unexpected sum of money. 
anger#When I was treated unfairly regardless of my motives or deeds. 
sadness#When I noticed obvious marks of old age in a negative sense on a close relative of mine. 
joy#I was coming home from an exam and I supposed that I had passed it so I ran to a restaurant for a beer. 
anger#My fiancee and I were at my parents place watching TV. There were only two TVchairs and we were sitting on them when my drunken brother came in and rudely chased my fiancee off the chair she was sitting on. 
sadness#I had drunk a couple of beers and my fiancee got angry at me. 
joy#While dancing in a restaurant last week. 
anger#When a girl left me. 
sadness#I was on my way back from the Inter Rail on board the ferry from Stockholm when my father called me at 7 oclock to tell me that my uncle had died and that I would be seeing him off on his final journey within four days. 
joy#My girlfriend gave me some feedback and I understood that it meant that our relationship was about to turn even closer. 
anger#While in the army I was treated unfairly by my superiors. I was held responsible for a deed of which I was innocent. 
sadness#When I came to know that my grandmother had died. She was very close to me. 
joy#When I look at people around and know that people who are stupid look stupid. 
anger#When stupid people push me during rush time in the city. 
sadness#Laziness makes one sad. 
joy#Being close to another person. 
anger#An unfair punishment. 
sadness#Loneliness being uncertain of myself in the Autumn. 
joy#I went to a doctor with a complaint. The doctor told me that I was completely healthy. 
anger#I had an implicit agreement with my sister about meeting her however she had not understood the situation the same way so she did not turn up. 
sadness#I realized that the girl I loved had to leave me. 
joy#When I unexpectedly received birthday greetings from a person I like. 
anger#When I learned that my brother had spoilt an LP of mine. 
sadness#When I came to know that a girl I was fond of already had a boyfriend. 
joy#I shot the decisive goal in an icehockey match. 
anger#After having quarelled with a relative of mine about politics. 
sadness#The death of my grandmother. 
joy#I passed an exam which I was not sure at all to pass. I rejoyced at the result because the possibility of continuing my studies depended on it. 
anger#I was disappointed and angry at the bad quality of a documentay program on TV. In my opinion the topic was important and the program should have been made with seriousness and consideration. 
sadness#My father had a heart attack when I was not at home I was still living with them. He recovered relatively well although he had to retire which implied relief from the stress of a small scale enterprise. 
joy#On the cliff by the sea the silence and the sudden voice of a bird. swans of the bay
anger#When I realized that I was far behind the others in the language course and I could no longer catch up with the others. 
sadness#The long lasting illness of my grandmother and the changes in family relationships caused by it. 
joy#When I got home from my job I found a letter from the university telling me that I had been admitted to begin my studies. 
anger#I was angry with a friend of mine who behaved in an affected manner. 
sadness#I made a longdistance call to people rather close to me and I thought about the sad incident that had happened to them in the near past I knew that they were thinking about it too when I made the call. 
joy#I unexpectedly met a girl with whom I have always got along well. I had not seen her for several months. 
anger#When I did not find the rack used for beating up rugs in the yard. 
sadness#When one of my cat died of a disease. 
anger#I had an appointment downtown and the person in question was half an hour late. 
sadness#The death of my grandmother. 
joy#I got a fairly large amount of my taxes back. 
anger#I was coming home in a taxi with a fellow worker of mine. He was criticizing my earlier conduct towards him which to my mind was unfounded. When I reached home I ran out of the taxi and slammed the door. 
sadness#I had had a farewell party at the place where I had been working for a year. That night I could not fall off to sleep. I was sad thinking that I would not see my nice fellow workers again. 
joy#A sunny Autumn day after a long rainy period. 
anger#A person close to me mistook my good intentions for bad and therefore associated unpleasant traits to me. 
sadness#A person close to me told me that his positive regard depended on my conduct. 
joy#I got to know that I had been accepted at university. 
anger#My superior blamed me for some neglects at work in front of others. In fact the task in question was not supposed to be done by me. 
sadness#My father suddenly fell ill and died. 
joy#My joy was the joy of meeting again. My husband came home after having been away for weeks for work. I was on the railway station to meet him. 
anger#A relative of mine had come to see my husband to talk to him about a problem concerning his sister and me. I was angry because this relative of mine did not dare to speak to me and instead spoke to my husband. I got to know about it later the same day. 
sadness#The death of my father even though we had not been very close to each other. 
joy#My mother sister and I were thinking about old times our childhood and we had a very happy time. 
anger#I am a school teacher. One of the classes does not obey me at all keeps on talking does no work. One afternoon everything went wrong and I got exceedingly angry. 
sadness#A young close relative of mine died leaving behind a baby a few months old. 
joy#I started a new branch of studies after having failed a former one. When I got back my exam papers I was very happy to know that I almost had full marks. 
anger#My mother carried on using mental pressure concerning something which was serious and a real burden to me. 
sadness#My grandfather died I went to the mortuary and saw the corpse. 
joy#My girlfriend sent me a letter with a shiny picture in it. 
anger#On the TV news I heard that Nicaragua had complained about the increasing threat of war with the USA. 
sadness#My girlfriend gave me the mitten left me. 
joy#When to my surprise I got to know about having got very good high school graduation marks. 
anger#When I checked my examination paper and realized that I had been careless thoughtless lazy and hasty so as to make unnecessary mistakes concerning things I know and understand. 
sadness#When we decided my boyfriend and I that we would separate I realized that he would have wanted to continue our relationship and the coming separation hurt him. 
joy#I am not especially good at English and after the high school graduation exam in English I tensely waited for the result the whole day. In the evening when I heard that I had done excellently I became very happy and the anxiety vanished. My family was at home. 
anger#A member of a religious sect tried to convert me using really evil tricks to persuade me. After he had left I was anxious and angry for a long time. After the event I was alone. 
sadness#When my boyfriend wanted to leave me I felt sad and melancholic. 
joy#When I got an unexpected letter from a guy who had been my school mate. 
anger#My father had once again told me that I should be careful and try to seek admission to other places also apart from the faculty of Social Sciences at the university of Helsinki. I was not at all interested in any other place and had no time to study for other entrance exams. 
sadness#I would have liked to go out to chat with some acquaintances but I realized that I was not wanted. I felt hurt disappointed lonely and deserted. 
joy#When I got 21/30 points in an exam of statistics. The result was unexpected and it made me realize that statistics do not surpass my abilities as I have sometimes thought. 
anger#When my roommates were watching videotapes and prevented me from watching the news. The first feeling I had was that I was being treated unfairly and then came the feeling of anger. 
sadness#When after a night of sleeping in anothers arms one wakes alone and knows that the lonely arms of the night are not the same that one meets in the morning. 
joy#When my friend told me that he would come and meet me in a moment. 
anger#My friends promised me that they would definitely call me to tell me if they were visiting me or not. 
sadness#A close friend of mine had not contacted me for a long time. 
joy#When I felt that an exam which I had feared was an easy one and went well. 
anger#When a friend of mine was drawn into a fight because of the stupid gang he belonged to. I felt angry with him and his friends. They could not think about anything sensible but would fool around without taking into consideration the feelings of other persons. 
sadness#I felt sad after having had an argument with my boyfriend. I felt that he did not understand me and that there was no point in carrying on with the relationship. 
joy#When I got home from a pleasant trip abroad I got to know that I had been accepted at university. 
anger#My mother had for some time been trying to separate me from a good friend who she thought was not good company for me. Finally at breakfast one day we had an argument and I tried to defend my friend. 
sadness#I got to know about the death of a close friend. 
joy#When I was pressing figures on the curtain cloth. I had bought the cloth after months of hindrances. 
anger#My lifepartner who was drinking more and more spoke about kicking the cat. He had never done anything of the kind but I knew that he would do so one day without thinking about it. 
sadness#Estrangement from my best woman friend. We have been going different ways for quite some time now but the break was total when she got married as her husband is unreasonably jealous of me. 
joy#Begining the weekend with my girlfriend : cozyness beer and wine. 
anger#A friend of mine ridiculed me telling me that I would never accomplish anything. I felt that he had interfered with my life. 
sadness#I felt sad at having to leave my girlfriend after constant problems and failed attempts at reconciliation. My sadness was caused by the irreversibility of the decision. 
joy#When after an overwhelming anxiety and enquiry I understood something about why I exist and what my task in life is. 
anger#While having a discussion with my mother I realized that she does not for a moment doubt the justification of her making the decisions concerning my life. 
sadness#When I think that I will probably never have a genuine contact with my parents. 
joy#The day I got to know that I would get a shared dwelling with my boyfriend. My parents place was getting a little crowded with my growing bother wanting a room to himself. I first felt doubt then joy but also sadness. The feeling of joy was the strongest. 
anger#The outrageous conduct of a relative towards me and those close to me. blaming us and lying
sadness#We had to finish the life of our 8 yearold dog. 
joy#A chat on the telephone with a friend. 
anger#For example unfair pushing in a bus. 
sadness#When I am in my opinion not understood correctly. 
joy#I was in a dancingtavern and the atmosphere was one of waiting for the end of the world. Suddenly people began dancing wildly inspired by the band. An unbelievable experience : wonderful that even Finns sometimes flare up and forget to think what others are thinking of me. It was delightful to dance to ones heart content. 
anger#I was at home filling my tax report. Nobody had time to help me. I would have liked to do it quickly so that I could go and meet a friend of mine who had just returned from hospital. I got angry as both my brother and my father refused to give me their calculator as I had not asked for it nicely. I could not leave as I had to wait for help and the tax report had to be done. 
sadness#I tried to talk to my parents over the phone as I wanted to go home for the weekend and I knew that I would not be able to bear it. I tried to reduce the gulf and the conflict between us by talking in order to unite our worlds. Result : hysterical mess blinding and blaming. 
joy#The inflammation of the ear of my child got cured and the doctor said that the ear was completely all right. 
anger#The housing council asked the city to cut 40 linden trees so that the inhabitants of the lower floors would have a view to the sea. 
sadness#My child unexpectedly started acting in a restless and disturbing way at school. In addition his performance at school weakened. 
joy#When a student of mine at music performed and played remarkably well. 
anger#My boyfriend came home late one night without having told me about it before. 
sadness#The breaking up of a long lasting relationship. 
joy#When I made up with a girlfriend of mine after having been on unfriendly terms with her my fault. I cried with joy that evening. 
anger#When I heard that my stepmother had treated my mother in a wrong manner. 
sadness#When my friend did not pass the high school graduation examinations. 
joy#During lectures I sensed an unexpressed understanding with a boy I did not know. We exchange glances I think he likes me and I like him too. Perhaps he has fallen in love with me. . . . . . . . . 
anger#In a tram the ticket seller was commanding taking the role of a leader trying to emphasize her nonexistent authority with undue strictness towards a goodhumoured drunk who could not find his ticket at once. 
sadness#A relationship in which I had put my trust broke up. I was sad when I realized how easy it is to forget something that one had once regarded as great and significant. 
joy#During interrailtrip after troubles I met my little sister. 
anger#A male Honduran acquaintance of mine despised my opinions. 
sadness#When our dog died. 
joy#After having at last finished my masters thesis I felt great joy and relief. I had been haunted by the thesis during the whole of my studies. 
anger#During the Summer at my workplace a person kept interfering with my tasks and making unfounded remarks. I felt hatred for him but it stopped when I realized that he just longed for attention. 
sadness#The last time I felt sad and disappointed was when I did not do as well as I had hoped in one of the final exams. As compared with the earlier exams the questions I think were unjust. 
joy#When I met a good friend of mine after a long time. 
anger#When I quarelled with my parents. 
sadness#Being away from a very close friend I was away from Finland for a year as an exchange student. 
joy#While having a discussion with a colleague of mine I realized that her conception of man and work were similar to mine. 
anger#A higher status colleague of mine despised my attitude and organization of work. 
sadness#I could not meet my love after having waited for a month due to illness. 
joy#I had just moved to the town where I study and I got a postcard from a good friend from my home town. 
anger#They had returned much less of my taxes than I had expected. 
sadness#After my boyfriend and I had separated. 
joy#I got a letter from my best friend whom I had not heard from for a long time a good letter. 
anger#My parents put pressure on me to buy clothes when I would not have liked to do so. 
sadness#When my grandfather died I saw my grandmother crying against my aunts shoulder I had never seen my grandmother cry before. 
joy#When I got a letter from home. 
anger#Disagreements with mother. When I moved from KankaanpSS she had promised to help me move but broke her promise because of some hindrance. 
sadness#When I had to move away from home to study and I knew that I would not be coming back home for a long time. 
joy#I found myself a place after looking for one for a long time. 
anger#I was angry at my boyfriend who had promised to come to see me but did not because he spent the evening with his pals. 
sadness#The breaking up of a relationship. We decided that the relationship could not carry on so it was no surprise to me. And anyhow I had known it would happen sooner or later. 
joy#I went to see the entrance examination results at university. I rejoyced at my success. 
anger#An utterance which I had intended to be a joke was taken as an offence. In my opinion this was stupid and I got angry. 
sadness#My best friend had a relatively severe illness. I was sad because she was suffering. 
joy#A good report card a scholarship in primary school. 
anger#I got angry at a friend of mine whom I caught reading my notebook almanach. 
sadness#When my grandmother died of cancer. 
joy#When I made the acquaintance of a certain person. 
anger#When my sister took my things without having asked for my permission first. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#When I went to a job interview I met a person who was very nice and his attitude made me glad. 
joy#I was in a restaurant with my boyfriend when I saw my best female friend after not seeing her for two weeks. We rejoyced hugged and had a long talk. 
anger#My brother told me that a person whom I know had insulted him. I am very fond of my brother and as he himself can not get angry or hurt my protectiveness was aroused and I got angry. 
sadness#My guineapig had been ill for a couple of days. One evening when I came home I enquired as to how it was doing. My mothers expression told me that it had died. My knees refused to support me and I began to weep convulsively. 
joy#When I was sick my husband bought me a piece of cake. 
anger#When I saw a big man hit another one and nobody did anything. 
sadness#When my sister left to go home in Sweden after the Christmas Holidays. 
joy#When my redcheeked content child runs to meet me in the yard of the kindergarten and gives me a moist kiss on my cheek. 
anger#Without my permission my son had made popcorn after coming back from school. The consequences were a spoilt kettle and chaos in the kitchen but what could have happened with the hot grease? 
sadness#The death of a close relative. 
joy#After my vacations one day after a lecture it occured to me to buy a rose for my mother. We went together to a pub and my mother told me that she would be getting married next Spring. I did not known about it and so was all the more glad. 
anger#I was on vacation and therefore I did not attend a meeting of the day care centre. Nevertheless the very day I came back they called me early morining to ask me what are you going to do about the matter? which had been discussed in the meeting. Then I got angry. 
sadness#The fact that my mother is getting married again my mother and father divorced about 15 years ago means that she will probably move to Turku and our home which is a one family house will be sold I myself have not been living at home for the past six years. 
joy#I had been away from home for a long time and when I came home I was delighted. It was wonderful to see familiar dear people and I was rejoycing in advance. I had been feeling very lonely. 
anger#One winter day I unwillingly was outdoors with my younger brother 10 years younger than me. I lost my temper on him and wanted to throw my brother down the snow bank we were on. I pushed him but not as hard as I had wanted to. We were alone the two of us. 
sadness#I was on a class excursion by boat to Stockholm. At night my class mates prepared to clebrate their motive in life which was life is merriment. I felt depressed about the way they sought happiness. 
joy#When after a long time I saw a girl with whom I was in love. 
anger#A friend of mine had promised to arrange me some tickets for a concert which I considered important. He could not get them the way he thought he would so he gave up the whole thing. 
sadness#I was sad when I saw that a beautiful girl was not attainable. 
joy#While watching an entertainment program in which there was a clever and amusing sketch. 
anger#The last day of school is traditionally celebrated by singing a song about all the students who are leaving. In the song about me there were things which irritated me a lot. 
sadness#I worked for seven months in a factory and made friends with a fellow worker. Later I visited my former fellow workers and was told that while in the army my friend had shot himself. 
joy#In the army my result at the shooting exercises got me a three day furlough. 
anger#I read in the newspaper that the Student Lodging Fund was going to build new appartments for refugees in my opinion this is the states affair. This is when only a fractoin of the students can find an appartment. 
sadness#I lead a rather secure life. The only thing I can remember is a song from the nineteenth century which is against alcohol. Both the melody and the word although naive effected my emotions. 
joy#When my favourite football team made a goal and was about to win the Cup of England. 
anger#While playing a ball game I was just about to make a goal when I was thrown off my feet and I failed to score the goal. 
sadness#When I heard about the death of Frantois Truffaut the French motion picture director on the radio. I had planned to go and see his last film. 
joy#When I was in the sauna bath. 
anger#When I came for the lesson it was cancelled and I had to fill in a questionnaire instead. 
sadness#When my car froze and I could not start it. 
joy#I passed an exam which I thought I had failed. 
anger#My girlfriend started singing she cannot sing and did not stop despite my asking her to do so. 
sadness#When my grandmother died of cancer. 
anger#New Years Eve party in the country I hardly knew a person my partner spent most of the time at the bar. I had little opportunity to get to know people because our table was separated and my boyfriends parents were present. 
sadness#Christmas Eve: there was a tension between my parents they did not even try to restore a harmonic atmosphere. Mother stayed in her room almost the whole day. I felt alone and was very sad. 
joy#After one year of searching my friend and I have found a flat we are able to pay for. 
anger#At the weekend I wanted to be absent from school because of a sports event but my teacher refused to give me the day off because he didnt like me. 
sadness#When I was six years old my favourite cat died. 
joy#I won a car in a prizecompetition. The moment I was informed about it I felt joy. 
anger#I had a quarrel with my parents I was convinced to be right. 
sadness#I heard that a friend had died in an accident group situation: suddenly a friend came in and said Have you already heard that. . . there was a terrible consternation silence then everybody shouted excitedly How could that happen. . . . 
joy#In order to be admitted to my final examination I had to pass two examinations. As I had not studied very much I resigned myself to be left behind. Nevertheless I succeeded in these examinations. 
anger#I wanted to go to a friend of mine who had a party at the moment I wanted to leave my father said I couldnt go because he needed me for some work in the afternoon. 
sadness#A friend of mine who had repeated a year at school once before did not pass the final examination and had to take it again half a year later. 
joy#My boyfriend returned after a long absence. 
anger#I wanted to see a friend I had been looking forward to it and had certain expectations but he did not pay any attention to me played cards with other people. 
sadness#A good friend quitted me after he had behaved in a strange manner. 
anger#Recently a good friend only called me when he needed something. He never said please or thank you or any other kind word. 
sadness#My favourite horse died. We had tried our best to save him but it was hopeless he had to be shot. 
joy#When I met a good friend after a long time. We had had a quarrel but after two weeks I was really glad to see him again. 
anger#When I lost my driving license because I had been driving while under the influence of alcool. 
sadness#My mothers death. 
joy#My father stayed abroad for one year. He does not like to write letters because he makes ortographic mistakes. I never had a good relation to him. He wrote me a letter in which he said that he loved me. 
anger#A colleague asked me to study with her. I could not explain things as perfectly as she had expected. So she reacted in an aggressive manner. 
sadness#During the Christmas holidays I went to see my parents and stayed with them for two weeks. After two or three days we had the same conflicts we had had ten years before when I had lived with them. They were glad when I left. 
joy#When I met my girlfriend I had not counted on that. 
anger#When we rearranged furniture in our flat and got stuck in a chair. 
sadness#A person died not really a friend. 
joy#In Southern Tyrol I was gathering apples it was a fine day I was not thinking about anything I felt an overwhelming joy. 
anger#I helped my little sister 13 years learning mathematics. Obviously she did not want to understand what I explained and started to cry. I grew angry. 
sadness#When my girlfriend told me that she wanted to leave me. 
joy#A friend I had missed very much came to see me unexpectedly. 
anger#A friend of mine tried to persuade me to go at her place to act as a model because she felt too tired. It was a quarter of an hour before the appointed time I had just lied down and did not want to go because it was too late anyway. She said that I only was talking about looking for work but if it was possible I would not accept it. I was angry about this unjust judgment. 
sadness#After I had lived with my boyfriend in a foreign country for half a year I saw that it was impossible for me to stay with him for economic reasons. We separated although I loved him. 
joy#When I worked as an aupairgirl in London I received a call from a good friend who told me that she was in London too and wanted to see me. I was very glad after that call and especially when I saw her. 
anger#A friend called me and told me that she wanted to come and see me. She lived in a village at 50 km distance fom my home town. Next morning I expected her but she didnt arrive. As I got impatient I called her but her parents told me that she had gone skiing. I was very angry because I had cancelled an appointment to be able to see her. 
sadness#When I was eight years old my father was run over by a car. When I saw his body I was sad beyond words. 
joy#I had the unexpected possibility to see a friend I like very much. 
anger#At the hairdressers I got two stains of dyestuff on my new trousers. These stains are not removable so I cannot put on the trousers again. 
sadness#In 1977 my grandfather to whom I had a very close relationship died. 
joy#After a one years stay abroad I returned home. I was even more glad to see how much my family was pleased to see me. 
anger#A friend who shares the room with me opened the window in the morning and left the room the whole day. When I came home in the evening the room was so cold that I couldnt stay there. 
sadness#When my aunt whom I had loved very much died. When I heard about her death I was not as touched as at the funeral. I really became conscious of her death at that moment. 
joy#On our way to France my girlfriend and I went to Verona. By chance we met an Italian couple they gave us two tickets for the dressrehearsal of Aida. It was a different world for us full of fascination. After the representation we ate a phantastic pizza in a restaurant near the Arena. 
anger#I arrived in Vienna in the middle of the night. I asked for some silly information as I realized myself afterwards and the inquiry clerk reacted in a very arrogant manner. 
sadness#I had to leave my girlfriend for 4 weeks because of my studies. This happens frequently. The last 24 hours before my departure are always very depressing. 
joy#When I was informed that a short story I had written had been accepted for publication. 
anger#I wanted to clear up a misunderstanding with a friend that I had caused. A third person meddled in our conversation turned my efforts to ridicule so that I did not succeed in what I had intended. 
sadness#Death of my grandmother. 
joy#After 3 weeks I saw my girlfriend again. 
anger#I went singing with a group of young people on January 6th The three Magi a local custom called star singing. One of the girls my girlfriend broke the star. Being the accompanying person I felt very angry thinking of the consequences. 
sadness#When the grandmother of my friend died in a hospital. My friend was crying and I was sad too. 
joy#I went shopping with my parents my father payed everything for me I was very glad. 
anger#During a lecture a colleague who did not know anything about the subject got on my nerves asking silly questions. 
sadness#When my grandfathers died and I realized how much I would miss them. 
joy#At a choral concert I appeared as a solist. The concert5 was very good I forgot all the hard work that had been done before. There remained only an undescribable joy and a feeling of warmth security etc. 
anger#During the Christmas holdidays I wanted to invite my brother his girlfriend and their child for dinner. When I said to my brothers girlfriend that I would like them to come at my place for dinner she refused and never mentioned it again as if I had never asked her. 
sadness#Several years ago my brother died in an accident. When I heard about it I was very sad. It took years until I resigned myself to it. 
joy#When my brother came back home after staying in hospital. He had undergone an operation which had been a matter of life or death. When he came home I could see him smile for the first time after may weeks. 
anger#After an exhausting day I came home and wanted to take a bath to relax. My father wanted to take a bath first and when he had finished after an hour there was no hot water left for me. 
sadness#I met some nice people during my holdidays. When they left I knew that I would never see them again. 
joy#One day I did not feel very well and I wanted to talk to somebody. A friend invited me for dinner and I was very glad. 
anger#My mother treated me unjustly as if I was a little child. I said mean things. I was unable to defend myself adequately. 
sadness#When my uncle died whom I had loved very much. I was very sad and I felt totally helpless. 
joy#A friend of mine often had difficulties with her parents. Once she had a child she had a better relationship with them. 
anger#It happened in a tram: some older people started to grumble about the young people just because I had not immediately left my seat to them. 
sadness#When I was younger I was very good in apparatus gymnastics. I always won in competitions but once I was only at the fourth place. 
joy#I received a letter and a Christmas present from a person I had not seen for two years. 
anger#At the end of my holiday job I got less money than was due to me and nobody mentioned anything about that. 
sadness#My little cat which I had raised all by myself hanged itself when playing in the garden. 
joy#I have a boyfriend and I am very fond of him. When we had our 11months jubilee I had forgotten it. But he gave me a red rose. 
anger#I share my small flat with my friend. On her birthday we could not see each other until evening because we had to stay at the University all day. In the evening I left a lecture before it finished to be able to buy flowers for her. When I was at home she called me to tell me that she would stay the night with her boyfriend. 
sadness#When I was a child I had a grassparakeet I liked very much. His legs were crippled so that he could not move very fast. Once I came into the room did not notice him and stepped on him. A few days later he died. 
joy#After a weekend at a seminar I saw my husband again. I hurried home hoping he would be there. We embraced I enjoyed feeling his body. 
anger#One day when riding on a bicycle path a car coming from the opposite direction forced me to get off my bike although I had the priority. 
sadness#My father died unexpectedly at the age of 53 years. He certainly would have liked to live longer. I was also said because I was confronted with the fact that I would die one day too. 
joy#A party with friends on New Years Eve. 
anger#I was in Hainburg in December and I was angry about the politicians and the police. 
sadness#I met again a very good friend after a year and realized that there had grown a certain distance between us. 
sadness#When my grandmother died at her funeral. 
joy#I went to buy a bicycle with my father. When I wanted to pay my father took his purse and payed. 
anger#I was waiting behind a car which was going to leave the parking place because I wanted to park my car there. Because of uncoming traffic I had to wait for a short time another driver placed his car on the place. 
sadness#My partner left me after we had been together for a long time. 
joy#Before Christmas I got to know a girl but our relationshop could not consolidate before the holiday. Therefore it was a big surprise to get a carefully handmade present from her. Our relationship grew closer. 
anger#I was angry about several drivers who showed an aggressive and dangerous driving habit. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. I had a very deep relation to her I lived with her for several years. 
joy#A person whom I had not seen for a long time called me and invited me for a party. 
anger#When I was househunting: Another person got a flat that I would have liked too because he heaped a floot of words on the letter. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. 
joy#When my mother was tremendous on the phone and we talked for hours. She was in a good mood. 
anger#When I wanted to talk to someone I liked and whom I have been told likes me by his brother and even by himself however he avoids any confrontation and is vague. 
sadness#After having left the company of someone who gave me a lot of support and made me laugh found myself alone for days on end. 
joy#When planning to marry. 
anger#My feelings towards wouldbe inlaws for their participation in recent broken relationship. 
sadness#Recent breakup of seriors longterm relationship helped along by wouldbe inlaws. 
joy#When Wayne and Sue close friends were announced our guardians at ther wedding. 
anger#When boyfriend lied to me. 
sadness#When my boyfriend took me to his fathers grave. 
joy#Getting a parttime job. 
anger#People hunting animals. 
sadness#When my grandfather was sick and died I felt more sad though when he was sick. 
joy#When my last years second semester results came through I was ecstatic. 
anger#At school a couple of years ago a socalled acquaintance told lies about me to a teacher I was told about it by friends who overheard the conversation. 
sadness#My grandfather died. He lived almost as a recluse not caring for himself as well as he should Dad and we all helped as much as we could but it didnt save him from himself. It was an unexpected death. His second de facto wife was lucky she wasnt jailed. 
sadness#In my penultimate job I was responsible of a sections with several employers after several years of dedication I was dismissed by a new chef saying that I was incompetent. 
joy#When I get something that seemed very hard like getting a job a boyfriend etc. A specific sutuations was when I started to date a boy whom I liked for a long time. 
anger#When I was dismissed unjustly from the firm where I worked because there where persons that didnt have problems and wouldnt miss in the jobs they occupied if they were dismissed. 
sadness#I felt very sad when I had to give up something that by right was mine and although I didnt get it a kind of suvenir that people dont give you the right to have. 
anger#When I talked with a teacher yesterday who to say the least was rude and unwise and had irrelevant opinions about a friend. 
sadness#The loss of the woman who loved me most till today. 
joy#When I succeed in writing something I felt and doing it I felt well and very happy for being able to express to myself something that was suffocating me. 
anger#When in a difficult moment I couldnt express myself correctly and my thought came out with distortions bringing about highly negative and distorted results. 
sadness#When I heard about the death of somebody I liked very much and I was not present either to see the person or to try to share my emotions with other friends. 
joy#After my final examination at school I was glad that the examination was over and that I had passed it. 
anger#I was angry with a person who behaved terribly at a ball offending her relatives. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. When I heard about his death I had a bad feeling in my stomach and I felt as if I had lost something very precious. 
joy#For about one year I had a rather bad relation with my father. Last Christmas Eve he invited me to stay withhim and I was very glad about it. It was a fine evening. 
anger#My sister had promised to help me to do a translation from English into German. But the day I needed her she told me that she was busy I was very angry. 
sadness#Several years ago my mother died. She had been ill for a long time but nevertheless her death came unexpectedly. I did not and I still do not want to believe that it is true. 
joy#I had a little cat which was very sick. As I liked it very much I went to a veterinary with it. He told me how to tend it and it really recovered its health. Everybody said that I had saved its life. 
anger#As I usually do not start learning until a short time before an examination I once made up my mind to try to work for a longer time. But once again I did not do it and got a bad mark. 
sadness#A friend told me about his cousin who is my girlfriend. He said she had treated him in a mean and nasty way. I was surprised because in front of other people she had always treated him in a friendly way. I am very sad about it. 
joy#When I passed my final examination at school. 
anger#When I felt being treated unjustly by a teacher. 
sadness#When my grandmother died I had a stronger relation to her than to my mother. 
joy#When I met my girlfriend again in another town after a long separation. 
anger#A friend was unpunctual we wanted to prepare ourselves for an examination. 
sadness#When my grandparents moved to another part of the town. 
joy#On my birthday an old friend of mine sent me a card. I had not met him for a year and I was very glad that he had thought of me. 
anger#When we still attended school my brother and I usually went to see our aunt and to show her our terms report. She rewarded us with money. Although my reports were as good as my brothers he got more money. 
sadness#My friend was pregnant but lost her child during the second month. I went to see her at hospital she was crying. I felt very sorry for her. 
joy#A very good friend of mine had been away for three months. When we met again we ran up to each other and embraced. 
anger#I had stolen a bottle of rum from a person who knows me well. He threatened to call the police if I did not pay 500 Shillings. 
sadness#When my uncle died I saw a funeral for the first time. All people stood around the open grave and cried. 
joy#Several days after my final examination at school I was sitting in an airplane on my way to Greece. I enjoyed that moment very much. 
anger#I had arranged with a friend to go with him to Carinthia by car. We had arranged a place where to meet. I was a bit late and my friend had left already. I had no money to go by train. I nearly started to cry because I was so angry it was very important for me to go to Carinthia. 
sadness#Our dog had to be shot because he had killed a roe. I liked him very much and so I could not resign myself to that. I hated the hunter who shot him. 
joy#My neighbour was not able to set his car in motion because it had snowed heavily. I helped him he was thankful and invited me. 
anger#At an examination I got a bad mark just because of a small mistake. When I went to the lector and wanted to talk about that he did not listen to me but sent me away. 
sadness#My cut was run over by a car. After searching for a long time I found her lying in a kerb. I was rather shocked and angry with the driver. 
joy#On my birthday I got a present that I had desired for a long time. 
anger#When I am discussing something with a person and I realize that the other person is thinking over her own argumentations instead of listening I become angry. 
sadness#When we were on holidays my girlfriend had to leave me after 4 weeks and I had to stay in Turkey for some more weeks because I had a job there. 
joy#On New Years Eve I went in a disco with friends. I amused myself and got to know many other people. 
anger#I was very hungry and just wanted to start eating when a friend called me who usually talks for a long time. I was angry because I was prevented from eating. 
sadness#My sister whom I like very much asked me for a favour which I refused her for some flimsy reason. Some time later I felt sorry for that and something like sadness. 
joy#I had a singinglesson but I was not very good. The last exercise was singing scales. I did that very well and my teacher seemed satisfied. 
anger#A friend had promised to call me at a certain time. I expected his call impatiently but in vain. 
sadness#Years ago on Christmas Eve I felt very sad because I realized for the first time how I missed my father who had died at Christmas Years ago. 
joy#On my 18th birthday I passed the drivingtest. I was glad because I had had to study very much because I had been lucky and because as a proof that it was really difficult not everybody had passed the test. 
anger#I had studied for almost one week for my physicsexamination. With difficulty I passed the examn. I was angry about the teacher and also about myself because I had not remembered enough during the examn and because the time that I spent studying was wasted. 
sadness#I had cared for a horse for 2 years. One day it was sold and I cried for several days because I was so sad. 
joy#During my first week in Graz I met a girl who I had got to know in the train from Amsterdam to Graz. Although I had considered her very sympathetic we had seperated without changing our adresses. 
anger#I had got a bad cold. My father said I must be crazy to go by motorbike at those temperatures. When I answered him that I did not care about a cold he said that if I did not care for anything I could leave him it was for the second time he said something like that. 
sadness#I was at home alone when I realized that a young roe approached our house. I hid because I did not want to frighten it. It limped. Some time later when I thought that it had already run away I saw it lying on our terrace. I came nearer and saw that it was terribly wounded. I informed the ranger who said that the roe must have been attacked by dogs. He had to shoot it. 
joy#I had not studied very much for my final examination at school so I had to take an additional examination in French. The oral examination was not very hard for me the more I was glad when I heard that I had passed it. 
anger#My parents are divorced father pays alimony for me. Two years ago my sister who lives with father suddenly asked mother for money. As she considered the amount of money my mother offered her too small she brought an action against mother. I was terribly angry with my sister. 
sadness#I arranged with a friend to go skating the next day. He asked me to wake him up by telephone at twelve oclock because we had come home late in the morning. Next day I called him he was not at home. As something like that had happened to me several times before I came to the conclusion that one cannot rely on anybody and I felt very sad. 
joy#My boyfriend told me that he would take me to the training of the lifesaving dogs. 
anger#A man treated his dog very badly he insulted and beated him until the dog kept lying on the floor with his tail drawn in. 
sadness#A horse which I had liked very much was taken away. 
joy#To be able to prepare myself better for an important examination I did not spend the nitht with my girlfriend but in the students hostel. I had not done that for months. The day when I had the examn somebody knocked at my door at seven oclock in the morning. My girlfriend who likes sleeping late had come to be able to be with me. 
anger#When I come home in the evening the first thing I do is to sit down and smoke a cigarette. One day I found the flat in a totally desolate state. My girlfriend had wanted to tidy up but had not finished. 
sadness#My sons mother told me that she wanted to move to Vienna and take the child with her. This means a rather long distance for me. My whole family was sad and dumbfounded so that my own feelings were intensified. 
joy#After a long time I saw my boyfriend again. 
anger#I was angry about how the government acted concerning Hainburg especially when I saw a discussion about it on TV. 
sadness#Death of my father he died of laryngeal cancer. 
joy#I thought that I had failed an examination but when I was informed about the mark I saw that I had passed it. 
anger#Once when I was playing table tennis I was already sure that I would win but at last I lost the game. 
sadness#My grandfathers funeral. 
joy#When I had a psychical crisis I met a girl who told me that she had had almost the same problems and how she had finally overcome them. 
anger#A friend of mine told other people that I was a slattern because of an occurence that had happened some time ago. When I heard about that I was very angry. 
sadness#My grandfather was seriously ill he had only a few days left to live. I had always loved him but never told him. When I saw him for the last time I had the feeling that I had omitted so many things I could not do again. There was a fly sitting on his forehead and he was too weak to drive it away. I was very sad when I saw that. 
joy#Unexpectedly I met some persons who I like very much. Spontaneously they invited me and integrated me within their group although it was late in the evening. 
anger#A friend of mine uses butter instead of oil when he is cooking. I am always angry about that because it is an unnecessary luxury. Recently we both were cooking and he wanted to use butter again. When I had already put the oil into the pan he poured it out again and put the butter into the pan. 
sadness#After some friends had come to see me. They had stayed for several days and we had got on very well. When they had left I had a feeling of emptyness. 
joy#I had a quarrel with my fiancT. When he admitted his fault everything was allright. It was then for the first time that he surprised me with coffee and cake and a bunch of flowers. 
anger#I had not eaten anything for 2 days to be able to pay the fine for my fiancT. But he stayed in another town and spent one thousand shillings in the restaurant during the same time. 
sadness#I had to give up my love because it did not work out well. 
joy#My sister had a daughter. I saw the baby for the first time through a pane of glass and she looked at me. 
anger#I bought an aquarium which made me much pleasure. I was watching the fish when my father came in and asked me how much I had payed for it. He said he would not pay for the current that it would require. 
sadness#When I was 9 years old I got a cat but after 3 days he died. I was very sad because I had nursed him and taken him to the veterinarys but in vain. Although I had had him only for a short time I had liked him very much. 
joy#When I was 17 I had a mystic vision. I melted into a dazzling light which omitted perfect love. The physical experience became unimportant I heard or saw the words overcome egotism. The feeling of joy remained for month after that experience. 
anger#When I played in a chess championship I was disturbed by other people. I asked them to be quiet but in vain. 
sadness#When my fluteteacher was replaced by a new one. 
joy#When I was in a situation which seemed hopeless for me I moved back to my parents. For my father it went without saying anything normally he ofter grumbles at me. 
anger#I have a very big family. At my grandmothers funeral we all met and everybody pretended mourning. In reality it was like a fashionshow: everybody wanted to show himself. 
sadness#Often a dog which is treated very badly by his owner comes to us. 
joy#When I heard that I had passed my final examination at school with success. 
anger#When my mother kept me in leadingstrings. 
sadness#When my father died. 
joy#Last year I went to see friends in Yugoslavia two girls with whom I get along very well. 
anger#My girlfriend did not understand me I was angry with myself because I had problems when we seperated I could not resign myself to it. 
sadness#A friend who was 22 years old died. 
joy#When we got a young dog. 
anger#I had an accident with damage to the car body. 
sadness#My dog died of a cerebral tumor. 
joy#When I heard that a good friend who had been abroad for a long time would come and see me. 
anger#I heard friends grumbling at me in an adjoining room although they had behaved in a friendly way when I was present. 
sadness#When my brother died. 
joy#I unexpectedly got a present from my father. 
anger#My boyfriend had promised me to come home at about 10 p. m. He did not return until midnight and had consumed a lot of alcohol. 
sadness#A relative whom I like very much left for the United States. 
joy#I met again a very good friend whom I had not seen for a long time. 
anger#A friend had promised to get me a book which was very important for my work but she forgot it. 
sadness#My dog whom I had had for eleven years died. I watched his soporification. 
joy#My friend came to see me after she had stayed abroad. I waited at the station. 
anger#At an office an application that I had made was turned down because of a scrupulous interpretation of the rules. 
sadness#My uncle died I felt sad at the funeral. 
joy#I bought a Christmas present for my girlfriend. On my way home I was really glad about having found such a suitable thing. 
anger#I was angry when I watched a skirace. All the Austrian skiers dropped out. 
sadness#During my holiday I met again a friend who had tried to commit suicide. She had just left hospital her lips were trembling she looked miserable. 
joy#I went to fetch my girlfriend at the station. When the train arrived and I saw her descending and running up to me I felt glad. 
anger#My father had bought too many goods for his shop there was not enough space to store them. 
sadness#A friend died of cancer when he was 18 years old. 
joy#On my birthday a friend came to see me unexpectedly and brought me flowers. I usually do not see her very often. 
anger#My boyfriend had promised me to come an 10 a. m. he was 3 hours late. 
joy#After I had been away for a long time a friend told me that I had passed all my written examinations. 
anger#I played chess with my 12yearold brother. I made a stupid mistake and he won! 
sadness#It was only once that I really felt sad: at my grandfathers funeral after a long time of suffering he had died of cancer. 
joy#After I had had a disappointment in my private life my friend who studies in Vienna came to see me spontaneously. 
anger#A friend had promised me to give me a lift to Graz. To be sure I called her before we went. She told me that she had just promised another person to give him a lift. 
sadness#I am sad because some relations to friends are not very good. 
joy#Seeing relations from overseas after a few years. 
anger#Boyfriend chatting up another girl. 
sadness#A friend breaking up with her boyfriend. 
joy#Emotional reassurances by spouse. 
anger#Heated discussion with spouse concerning new house. 
sadness#Loss of close relative. 
joy#A night spent with a group of friends. 
anger#A friend whom I had gone out of my way to do something for did not bother to acknowledge my efforts and treated me badly thereafter. 
sadness#A girlfriend ended our relationship in an abrupt and unexpected manner. 
joy#Getting a phone call from a very old friend. 
anger#Being stopped by the police for a traffic offence which I dont think I committed. 
sadness#Death of a parent. 
joy#The more than satisfactory result of a recentlycompleted university subject was communicated to me by phone. 
anger#A person walking his dog allowed it to defecate on the footpath outside my house. Although it had happened before this was the first time I had witnessed it. All the skills I had learnt from PY 263 were thrown out the window when his indifference to my protestation was obvious to me. 
sadness#While walking through an old mining area I unwittingly disturbed a wallaby which in its resultant flight accidentally fell down a deep mine shaft. On investigation it seemed uninjured but it was impossible for the wallaby to get out and also for me to get it out of the shaft. To prevent its suffering a slow death I shot it. 
joy#On my birthday when a very close friend sent me a huge bouquet of flowers. 
anger#When the person I am going out with let me down in a situation that I was depending on them and didnt show respect or care. 
sadness#When I found out that a person I went to school with had died in a car accident. 
joy#One of my friends and I had breakfast in a restaurant. It was spontaneous and lots of fun. 
anger#At one of my close friends saying she didnt like the way I am nice to people I dont know or who have been nasty to me. 
sadness#Leaving Melbourne to move interstate leaving relatives and friends behind. 
joy#I noticed that Meryl Streep and I had similar cheekbones and jaw structure. 
anger#As for disgust. 
sadness#Girl I was fond of did not initiate conversation as I expected in tutorial. 
joy#When I was complimented and called delightful. 
anger#Anger towards my lover for being late. 
sadness#The death of my twin sister suicide. 
joy#My current lover and I had been very busy with work and study and had not had time alone together for almost a month until one afternoon recently when we made love for hours and then showered and ate together. 
anger#I had been having a heated argument with a lover whose intention was that we should marry in the near future and was rejected by her when I started to cry. When I stopped crying for a moment she said There have you got it all out now? . 
sadness#I was alone in my parents house having made plans to spend the afternoon with a lover plans which the lover cancelled watching a movie and considering my life and circumstances pressures of examinations in particular. 
joy#Blank. 
anger#The mother of a person with whom we had been sharing a housing accused me of trying to rip her off over payment of bills in the house. 
sadness#Watching 11 am. They had a programme on the starving refugees. Their plight was a source of sadness for me. 
joy#When my boyfriend last told me he loved me after I gave him an impulsive kiss. 
anger#Anger with boyfriends best friend for alienating me and blaming me for personality changes in my boyfriend and changes in my boyfriends attitude to him and his obvious egoistical attitude himself in doing so. I also lost one of my best friends his girlfriend. 
sadness#Death of paternal grandmother to whom I was very close died of cancer. 
joy#When I thought that my high school love and I had a mutual emotion. 
anger#I was enjoying the company of bird life while I was eating lunch in a park when a group of people began throwing sticks at some of the birds for no reason other than the satisfaction of seeing them being scared away. 
sadness#When I left my sisters house after staying there for a few days. She has two little boys and they are very warm people the family. At the time I was in need of this sort of contact and I grew very fond of children no Im not a paedophiliac. 
joy#Id just got the top mark in an exam. 
anger#I was at the corner shop which I patronise regularly I had only a $ 50 note and I purchased about $ 3 worth of goods that I really needed the keeper made sarcastic remarks to others about people using him to cash notes. 
sadness#My mother died of cancer after a 4 year illness I think the most pregnant moment of sadness was the next morning just as the sun rose. 
joy#On a sailing boat at night under a full moon listening to Pink Floyd drinking good wine with good company the boat being steered by autopilot and a full eclipse of the moon. 
anger#When my rights to use a shared house had been usurped by coowners out of pure selfishness. 
sadness#At rejection / being ignored by a loved person held in great esteem. 
joy#Family member survived an operation. 
anger#I walked in on a teenage patient of mine I work in a hospital as he was going through my office drawers and he had removed money from my purse. 
sadness#Death of grandmother. 
joy#A close married friend has just had his first child. 
anger#Not being alowed on a school camp with the class Id been in for 11 years I had stayed down due to illness
sadness#At the funeral of a friend about 20 years old who was killed in a hitandrun motorcycle accident. 
joy#Having received an offer to do postgraduate work. 
anger#Last night finding that someone in the house had eaten an entire packet of almonds I had bought for a family treat. 
sadness#The loss of my father as he died of a massive and sudden heart attack. 
joy#Winning a tight tennis match. One set to play and the team was behind by 3 games. We won the last set 62 and won the match by a game. 
anger#Finding that a subordinate at work was still not willing to cooperate after discussions to try and resolve an attitude problem. 
sadness#Death of the family dog. 
joy#Arriving in New Zealand as a teenager first overseas trip something exhilarating about the change of scenery etc. 
anger#Following an argument with my brother he broke my golf clubs. 
sadness#Leaving the house myself and a female friend had shared for 68 months because of the friendship which developed and our approach to each other in occasional instances of several personal crises. 
joy#Going to a friends wedding and seeing many of my old friends whom I had known before I moved to a new district five years previously. 
anger#At school when I had a shouting argument with a friend over my ability to carry out a particular duty in the correct way without harming her. 
sadness#Looking up endofsemester results and finding Id failed three out of seven subjects. 
joy#After being away on a holiday for 2 months a friend who lived interstate had remembered when Id get back and phoned to welcome me home on the night of my arrival. 
anger#Doing a group assignment and being left to do all the work and take the blame for any mistakes. 
sadness#After training for an Australian championship competition for a year and then injuring myself 2 weeks before the competiotion. 
joy#I was captain of the school swimming team. The team was only two points in front before the last relay. We won the relay which I swam in and thus my team won the championship. 
anger#Brother provoked anger. It was when mother and father were away and we had to look after ourselves. He accused me of being selfish and a snob. 
sadness#Shifted from Melbourne to Brisbane. All my old school friends gave me a party and I had to say goodbye to them all. 
joy#When I won the Under 18 Showjumping at the Brookfield Show. The competition was very stiff and there were many riders competing. 
anger#When my mother and father split up I was angry: I felt deprived and different from other children at school. 
sadness#I was terribly upset when my kitten got hit by a car. He didnt die but for several weeks we thought he might have to be put down. 
joy#Day I received my T. E. score and acceptance into my chosen course. 
anger#At a school dance when my supposed best friend kept walking away from me whenever I came near her. 
sadness#At end of school function to celebrate? Leaving friends who Id known for up to 12 years. 
joy#Eating biscuits and drinking Milo Chocolate energy drink made with milk and usually drunk warm with my friend at College. We get on really well dont withold any feelings about each others friends and are pretty good at cheering each other up when we are homesick. 
anger#A person ignored my advice did not pay any attention to what was saying. She acted as though I wasnt even there. We were doing group work so everybody had the right to speak yet she just ignored me. She made me feel insignificant. 
sadness#A friend of mine is having psychiatric problems because of his mothers death ages ago. He is really quiet and because it relates back to his childhood I feel sadness for him. He doesnt lead a normal life and it just seems unfair. 
joy#Getting a good mark for a subject I had worked hard at but expected only a moderate mark. 
anger#At the hardware store trying to convert Imperial to Metric measurements I made a mistake and didnt buy enough tiles for the bathroom. I was angry at myself because I hope to be a Maths teacher. 
sadness#My father died last year after an 8week severe illness. 
joy#I got a good reaction from my tutor and tutorial group for a presentation Id given that I was very worried about. 
anger#Going away for the weekend leaving my College room open when I returned several friends had had a party there leaving the mess. 
sadness#Passing away of my father. 
joy#When I received the results from my final examination Higher School Certificate and received a mark that was beyond my wildest expectations. 
anger#When I received the mark well above requirements for the course I wanted to enter yet I was not accepted anger at the injustice of it because I didnt receive early release of H. S. C. marks. 
sadness#When I left all my friends at school break up knowing we would probably all go our separate ways and none see one another for a long time. 
joy#Got through first semester University. 
anger#In a situation whereby a friends actions were deliberately against my wishes and with no regard to my feelings. 
sadness#I broke up with my boyfriend of seven months but it was a very indepth relationship and so after feelings of grief and loss were over I felt an immense sadness. 
joy#Getting back with my boyfriend after a year away apart. 
anger#When a friend wouldnt speak to me and wouldnt tell me why. 
sadness#Thinking about friends overseas. 
joy#When I opened my TE Score envelope and saw I got into Physiotherapy. 
anger#When I was accused of bitching about best friend. 
sadness#At our Senior dinner separated from school friends nothing will ever be the same again. 
joy#When my brothers had passed all of their exams and were able to graduate from their courses. 
anger#When I was put into a tennis team below my standard. 
sadness#When my father died. 
joy#When my present boyfriend asked me initially to go out with him I had waited a long time for this to occur. 
anger#When my sister lost my favourite jumper at a party and failed to tell me for several days after it happened. 
sadness#When my father passed away of cancer I was extremely saddened. He was not very old which made matters worse. The actual death was horrendous but the moving funeral saddened me more so. 
joy#When I saw my brother in Church and publically accept Jesus Christ as his saviour and Lord. 
anger#While at school I had to write an essay for doing something wrong that I didnt do. I wrote the essay about how I was mistreated and got Saturday morning detention along with a few other kids but they didnt show up. 
sadness#When one of my closest friends died unexpectantly. 
joy#On holidays just driving along a road beautiful scenery. Just with my boyfriend not really talking but just feeling overwhelmed. 
joy#Good news about a sick relative. 
anger#Getting terrible meals but paying heaps for them. 
sadness#When felt lonely about writing my family. 
joy#When I received my TE Score and my acceptance from University it had been a goal since I left the bank a year earlier. 
anger#My younger brother and I had been fighting over the TV/Video. He kept on turning it on and off every 2 seconds and was not listening to my authority and was being cheeky. We fought and I ended up in tears hed won. 
sadness#The first time I left home. 
joy#Cant remember specific event besides just being moderately happy until a year or so ago. 
anger#Cant remember exact example. 
sadness#Close relative is dying of cancer found out last week. 
sadness#After the fact that made me ashamed I felt sadness. 
joy#When finally I found a place to live I felt relieved predicting changes in my life and I became happy. 
anger#When I was left by the person I loved without any reason. 
sadness#To fight with a sister and to know that she doesnt care. 
joy#I felt it when I received a letter telling that I had been classified in a national concourse of p. . . I felt happy and vanity about it. 
anger#I feel it when I see that somebody is traying to made a stupid of me. 
sadness#I felt it when I was at home and saw a discussion without sense between my parents. 
joy#When I asked my girlfriend to marry me. 
anger#I was with my girlfriend when some guys that I dont like made fuss at my girl. 
sadness#The death of my grandfather. 
joy#When I met a friend that I hadnt seen for some time. 
anger#When an unknown person provoked me verbaly and physically. 
sadness#When my team lost a championship. 
joy#When I began to date a boy with whom I am till now. This was 16 months ago. 
anger#I learned that my girlfriend had been unjustly missed from work. 
sadness#I got separated from the man I loved. 
joy#When I took my entrance exams successfully and also when I got my school leaving certificate because the delivering ceremony was extremely official. 
anger#I was indignant at the unimpartiality shown by the referees at the football match between Bulgaria and France. 
sadness#When I got separated from the man I loved so much. 
joy#When I was admitted to the Sofia University. 
anger#When I talk to silly pettyminded and unmanageable people. 
sadness#When my friend girl went abroad for two years. 
joy#I was admitted to the University and a niece was born to me. 
anger#My grandfathers funeral. 
sadness#I was alone at home on New Years Eve. 
joy#My admittance to the University. 
anger#An unjust calumny concerning me. 
sadness#Unrealisation of the desired profession aviator. 
joy#Winning Queensland Chess Championship. 
anger#With self at losing an important game that I should have won. 
sadness#Death of grandfather unexpected. 
joy#Receiving a very personal letter from a lady that I like which revealed that she was more enthusiastic about me than I had thought possible. 
anger#I was angry at a University tutorial when an ignorant loudmouth persisted in trying to dominate the conversation. 
sadness#I left my home in Melbourne to come to Qland to study and before I hopped in the car I hugged my mother and shook hands with my father. Sensing immediately my fathers sadness I also had a flood of the same emotion. 
joy#Being in love for the first time. 
anger#As a child about 8 years old walking across a paddock being set upon by another boy who claimed it was his land being intimidated by the boy crying being punched etc. 
sadness#As a child having a dog it getting a disease and dying. 
joy#When I achieved my first 6 at University after a long string of 3s 4s and 5s 7 is the highest mark awarded 3 is a conceded pass. 
anger#I was informed by my flatmate that when wed moved into our flat shed expected us to buy our food separetely this event actually happened some 5 months after our sharing began. Prior to this she had said nothing. 
sadness#Having to decide on a termination of a pregnancy after discussing it with friends family and the man involved. 
joy#When I was a child my beloved cat gave birth to four beautiful little kittens. Before she had them she came up to me and I followed her out then witnessed them being born. 
anger#When my brothers were being cruel to my boyfriend because his flatmate bent back one of my brothers fingers. It wasnt his fault. 
sadness#Upon moving away from home for the first time to a different city I felt no longer under the wing of my parents even though they would always be there to help me. I felt a sense of loss I was now all alone in the world responsible for my own actions. 
joy#The weekend after I argued with my parents I went home again and they couldnt have been nicer. As soon as I walked in Mum kissed me then Dad and thanked me for the birthday presents Id left for him including a very sentimental birthday card. 
anger#My flatmate was asking questions about my relationship with my boyfriend whether I wasnt treating him as unfairly as I claimed hed been treating me. As a result I was angered and became defensive. 
sadness#A very close friend from Victoria visited me over the holidays. Having enjoyed his company immensely over 10 short days I was overwhelmed by sadness when he left to return to Victoria. 
joy#Joy of giving birth and of sharing that joy with my husband. Moments of complete happiness and feelings of so much love. 
anger#Anger at doctors for their treatment of me after giving birth. They left part of placenta behind and I bled heavily for twelve weeks due to this I felt weak and emotional and they said I needed psychiatric treatment and give me no support. 
sadness#When my son was diagnosed as having CEREBRAL PALSY at age 5. He would have to endure so much labelling stigma and discrimination even though his case was relatively mild. 
joy#Receiving notification that I had made a successful application to the Speech Therapy course at Uni gave me a very good feelig of achievment and joy. 
anger#My exboyfriend began to date my best friend. After they had been seeing each other I found out that he had been sleeping with another girl without my friend knowing I told my friend what he had been doing behind her back. 
sadness#My mother left my father for his best friend and he moved to Papua New Guinea. Despite the fact that I am closer to my father than to anyone else in my family I had to move in with my mother and say goodbye to my father not knowing when I would see him again. 
joy#Seeing a close friend who had just returned from twelve months overseas. 
anger#After seeing an uncertain child work on a model for several hours I watched a bully of the same age destroy it telling the child that it was worthless. 
sadness#Leaving home to move closer to University. As an oldest child this experience was traumatic for both my parents and myself. 
joy#When I finished my exams after 12th Grade I was worried about getting a T. E. Score high enough for Physiotherapy. When I found that I had been accepted I was ecstatic or more appropriately could jump for joy. 
anger#When a socalled friend let me down when she promised to tell me when a certain concert was occurring and that shed get me tickets. I was really looking forward to it. She did nothing just told me out of the blue one day what a fantastic concert it was going to be. 
sadness#When my family heard that my Mothers cousin who lives in England wrote us to tell that he had cancer of the lymph glands. 
joy#Two years ago somebody I like very much wanted to give up his studies. I tried to make him understand the importance of what he was going to do not only of the difficulty to find a job but also because he will decrease his culture etc. This person made the test to the college entrance examination and to our great joy we found out that he succeded in entering at the University. 
anger#One day in a crossroad somebody crashed my car. I got out and this person laughed at me. I felt such a great anger that I got in my car and went away. 
sadness#I dont know why suddenly I thought that what I was feeling for my boyfriend was not really love. After almost three years being together this matter of fact shaked me and I felt a great sorrow that I can call sadness. 
joy#When I entered at the University. 
anger#When one teacher unjustly gave me zero in a test saying that I was cribbing. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. 
joy#When in the end of a semester I got the approval in a matter that I judged very difficult. 
anger#I went to the school library and asked for a book but the librarian told me that there wasnt such. However when an other colleague asked for it she gave it to him. 
sadness#Some colleagues decided to go out on a Saturday not inviting me to decide either the place nor the time. 
joy#The situation in which I felt happiest in my life was when I was with the person I love for the first time. 
anger#I feel anger when somebody forbids me to do something. 
sadness#I felt sad when I was despised by another person. 
joy#When I got through the examination for my driver licence and when I finished I knew I had passed it. 
anger#When they changed my office to another room without my agreement. 
sadness#I couldnt sleep and began to remind of my childhood. We are many sisters and at that time we were spanked a lot and I dont know why I started to remind of the spanks they and I had had their shouts when this happened. 
joy#I was in ILHA GRANDE with a wonderful sun with wonderful people with a wonderful sea with a wonderful boy. 
anger#This feeling occurred to me when my colleague entered in G. V. University and I didnt. 
sadness#When I applied for the college entrance examination to FUVEST and I wasnt approved in the second fase. 
joy#I felt happy when my mother borrowed me the car in order to let me go out alone for the first time. 
anger#I felt anger when I had a fight with my father and he beated me. My mother came to help me because I was beeing beated and he also beated my mother. 
sadness#It happened when I lost two very intimate friends in a car accident. 
joy#Always when I am well succeded. 
anger#I feel anger when things dont come out as I wish. 
sadness#When I couldnt go for a trip with my friends in a holiday. 
joy#When there was a possibility of getting on better in professional life. I valorized very much this aspect. People showed me this possibility not the real fact even because until now. . . 
anger#When they denied a job to a person that I propsed giving political reasons that has nothing to do directly with the professional level. 
sadness#During an informal talk with a friend when we talk about the life of another person a common friend that is in a situation of not being able to assume certain problems that he decided to solve that is she herself suggested the problems and decided to solve them but didnt get it until the moment. 
joy#When I got a wedding ring of diamond from the boy I loved. 
anger#When they stole my dark blue tennis. 
sadness#When I became conscious that men dont wnat anything they dont have a goal. They have: sex but this isnt important. 
joy#When I met again a great friend and talked a little while with him. When I see again another I miss. 
anger#I felt anger of a friend when she met a date and become nervous and pest as she always gets when she meets him. 
sadness#When I knew almost the same day about two great friends of mine that had serious existential crisis and mainly when I notice that Im in the same situation that they are but I didnt realize it. 
joy#When I entered University. 
anger#Im crazy about football. When my team lost a goal in the Paulist championship and so it lost the classifications. 
sadness#When my grandmother my second mother died. 
joy#When I met a girl and asked her for a date and she agreed I thought this girl would never like me this was an emotion of joy. 
anger#About the car sadness I felt anger the way I acted after negotiating it. 
sadness#To buy a car and didnt like the business and the car. 
joy#I felt joy when I red my name in the list of the approved in the entrance college examination. 
anger#Nearby the end of the year my wife and I were having a car ride when it appears another vehicle driven by a drunk driver and provokes an accident. 
joy#To have a friend who I didnt see for months and under the circumstances that I met him made me feel happy and perhaps because it has been one of the good things that I learned with this friend. 
anger#The fact that I hadnt been informed about something and I had the greatest trust in this person. 
sadness#A friend of mine lent me his apartment for holidays and besides this he was a fine person. Months later I knew that he died tragically in a moto accident. He was very young and I felt sad and couldnt believe it until today. 
joy#When after a long time of searching I got my first job. 
anger#When I used to go to my chief asking about any doubt about the job and he didnt care didnt answer me leaving me speaking alone. 
sadness#When I knew that a person that I liked very much didnt react the way I would like to even that I knew about his feelings for me. 
joy#When a person that I like very much got near to me. 
anger#When a person is privileged in account of situations that are unjust and disloyal to colleagues and friends. 
sadness#When I was betrayed by a friend and decided to stay apart form her. 
joy#I made the college entrance examinations for P. U. C. It was what I wanted more. When the first list came out I got frustrated. I wasnt in. When the second list came out without hopes I started to read the newspaper and my name was thre. I was in the bus and felt like crying so that everybody could hear me. The cry was hold and 1982 became forever a mask in my life. 
anger#Once in my work it happened a fight between the person in charge and me. I got so angry and spoke out everything I felt at the moment. 
sadness#I remember the day my father died. I was 11 years old and my sadness was so great that until today I remember everything about that day from the clothes I was wearing to the reactions of people the despair of my mother and brother. It marked me a lot and was the greatest sadness I felt. 
joy#The day I received the key of my apartment and we could enter in it for my fiancT and I had bought it yet in plans and it seemed to us that this was almost impossible to happen. 
anger#When my boss cut off my vacations saying that in that month it wouldnt be possible and after some time he let another girl take vacations that month. The anger was because of the resentment. Resulting from our bad relationship. 
sadness#My fiancTs family was adopting a 5 years old boy. I felt myself close to him as I never felt before. After some time his mother demanded the care of the kid and we were obliged to send him back. 
joy#It was when a friend took me to a place and gave me as a gift my astrologycal map with the explanations of a psychologist. 
anger#When my mother slapped me in the face I felt anger at that moment. 
sadness#When I deeply felt that I could lose the person I love best because of my foolishness. 
joy#In a day when at work in school and relationships came out as I wanted and I was recognized in my work. 
anger#When I was robbed in a bus. 
sadness#When I try to get closer at a person and she misinterpreted me. 
joy#I was travelling in the South of Brasil near the end of the year. I was well settled with 3 friends. At the evening of 31 M. somebody also with us took from his purse pints of all colours and the 4 of us and other friends that were at the same beach painted each other and we went to the beach with champagne. 
anger#One day I lent my tennis I just had washed to my sister because she asked it. I asked her not to soil it as I had just washed it. Next day I looked at the tennis and it was dirty with wax. She could not have soiled it. It was lack of consideration. I felt very angry. 
sadness#The second time I went to the entrance exam to V. S. P. and didnt get approved. 
joy#A friend of mine that is abroad undertook recently an axam to enter on University in Dallas and was approved. 
anger#In certain occasion I have a fight with my boyfriend. During the fight I closed the door at his face. He went away but came back next day. 
sadness#Last year when I took the college entrance examinations I failed the FUVEST. It was for me the most frustrating situation because I had studied all year long and only thought about this. 
joy#When I knew about my first job. 
anger#My mother in law slept in my bed. 
anger#In the last year of the high school we had a huge fight between my group and the graduation commission two students of my classroom because they accused us unjustly of a gossip about them. 
sadness#When I was 10/11 years old my father travelled very much for his work he passed three months away from home. 
joy#When I got a small present form a person I like very much. 
anger#When a boy tried to fool me so he would be OK trying to show me that he is a gook boy. 
sadness#In the 12/83 my boyfriend asked me to forget him as it would be easy. 
joy#When I saw my name in the newspaper and I knew that I entered at the University. 
anger#I loved a person and he went away. It wasnt necessary that he left me to reach his goals. 
sadness#A close friend travelled to another country. When I knew that he would only come back after many years I felt very sad. 
joy#I had a friend who I didnt see for a long time. We had a relationship from much union and interaction. It was more that one year that I didnt see her. She appeared in my home and we talked. 
anger#My mother was ill and asked me to prpare our lunch. I went to do it and while I was working she stayed behind me telling what I had or not to do. I asked her to stop meddling and to go to bed. When I went to ask for help to my sister my mother said that I was proud that I asked for help only when I wanted and that I wasnt able to cook by myself. 
sadness#When on Christmas day my grandmother died. I received the news when I was coming back from a party on the 24th at 5 am. 
joy#When I got a record as a gift from a friend. 
anger#A girl entered in the division where I work and greeted everybody but not me. 
sadness#A dear friend was removed from the division whre I work. 
joy#I wanted to go out to walk but I didnt know either where or with whom suddenly an invitation appeared. 
anger#When my chief accused me of an error that I hadnt made. 
sadness#When I knew about my sisters in law finacial situation and what she was facing. 
joy#I felt a great joy when I knew that my father was going to sell the apartment from GUARUSA because in some way we were helded by it that means that we didnt go to any other place because we had the apartment. 
anger#I dont use to lie to my parets about what I do and the two times that I felt anger were when they doubted me I said that I was going to the club and they didnt believe me because the day before they had met me at FLIPERAMA. I had the wish to kill them. 
sadness#I felt very sad when I saw the first list from the names of the people who entered at the University and my name wasnt there. 
joy#When I discovered that I and my friend would be licensed at the first call. This emotion was accompanied by a great relief. It was the coronation of a year of sacrifice and extrene discipline. 
anger#When I was misleaded by a person who assured that something would not occur that I had no reason to prepccupy myself and suddenly I saw myself implicated by the fact because of the incompetence and irresponsibility of that person. 
sadness#When I didnt succeed to enter at the University I felt that the college entrance course sistem prejudiced me that my integrity and effort werent corresponded. 
joy#I felt joy when I entered at the University. 
anger#I felt anger when I saw that I was being misleaded by my boyfriend he went out with other girls. I felt anger for his falsity. 
sadness#When my boyfriend was changing his behavior there was something wrong I felt sad because its desagreable when a relationship is ending. 
joy#A meeting with the family and the friends I felt dear and loved sharing the gladness of being together at a birthday. 
anger#When my sister took something that belonged to me without my permission. 
sadness#When I felt alone and without love. 
joy#After making an effort to enter at University I found a course and a school of higher education which were compatible with my experience and potentiality. 
anger#When I realized that the person I was courting hadnt been really by my side for a long time already. He had deceived me and I let him deceive me. 
sadness#When I noticed that I do many things to the pregiudice of myself. 
joy#I felt joy when I passed the worst phase in my life and discovered how many people considered me important to them. 
anger#I felt much anger and perhaps I feel it till now against my girlfriends sister who incited her to betray me just when I needed her very much. She didnt think of anything simply passed over everything. 
sadness#When my dog died. 
joy#I didnt like my former fob and felt joy when I received a telegram offering me a new one that I though better and for which I had been waiting. 
anger#Without the employers knowledge and even without any communication their bank accounts were changed and their personal accounts closed. 
sadness#My brother wanted me to buy a flute with him but I didnt accept afterwards I regretted it because he became sad. 
joy#The day that my boyfriend appeared at home with a pair of rings for our wedding. 
anger#A exboyfriend tried to prejudice me before my fiancT and his family saying things about me that let his family worried. We had to postpone our wedding and we were already using our wedding rings. To be honest I didnt feel just anger I felt hate. 
sadness#The day that the results of the college entrance examinations for the S. Paulo University were published and I didnt find my name on the list. Entering this University was my greatest wish and the fact of not having succeded caused a great frustration and not only sadness. 
joy#When people remember us and shows interest about what we do. 
anger#When my brother went out with my new shirt that I adored and returned it dirty with grease. 
sadness#I felt sadness when I notice that Im not important for a determinate person. We do many things for a friend and we see soon after that he doesnt do anything for us nor thinks of us. 
joy#I felt glad to live again when I went to a meeting about the Knowledge. There are 4 techniques of meditation that connect you with the essence of the human being. 
anger#My grandmother is a highly authoritative person who lives alone is independent but doesnt know to live without commanding the others. I hate this! 
sadness#I am always sad when my boyfriend goes away. He lives and studies in an other city. We have gone steady for 2 and 1/2 years and everything is going very well but sometime this situation makes me feel bad and very lonely. 
joy#When I bought my car. 
anger#When I had a serious argument with a dear person. 
sadness#One night a very dear person said: I hate you. Of course it was an impulse and this person didnt feel that about me. The person expressed regret and everything was settled but I cant forget. 
joy#The birth of my daughter. 
anger#Discussion with my mother about the way to educate my children. I felt anger against my mother. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. 
joy#I found a human treasure that I desired and got immediately. I didnt think about anything. When I touched him I imploded but I am whole. 
anger#And she said absurd things false things that filled my ears and inflated my head which seemed to be caught in a carcass where the heart wanted to explode and where the arm wanted to knock down the world. 
sadness#One day I heard from a friend that the boy I loved had gone out with her and not with me. 
joy#One of the greatest joiy was when I succeded in acquiring a motorcycle through my own efforts. 
anger#I felt much anger when my fahter interferred in my relations with another person whom I liked very much ending something that I adored. 
sadness#One of the greatest sadness was when my grandfather died because I loved him very much. 
joy#When I got a stereo walkman from my father when he had finacial difficulties. I thought that although he promised to give me that present he was not obliged to do so. 
anger#When a colleague was rude with me because she didnt understand the subject about which I was discussing. 
sadness#For not having succeded in getting the job as a translator that I wanted. 
joy#When I passed the whole weekend with my boyfriend coming back home on Sunday afternoon he met my parents for the first time. 
anger#I felt anger against a person who told bad things about me in my absence. 
sadness#After a disagreement between my parents when I was alone with my father and my sister the aggression continued when my father tried to put me and my sister against my mother revealing facts that had happened in the past like a talk between my father and his mother in law where she told him that my mother was not quite save. 
joy#I was in the living room at home with an exboyfriend it was nearly a year that we had separated during the talk he began to remember our courting and gave me a long kiss. 
anger#I was on a farm with a few friends and during the talk I discovered that a friend of mine was being betrayed by her boyfriend and a 3rd friend of ours. 
sadness#I was watching television. It was about midnight when a very dear friend called saying that his father had died in an accident. 
joy#Always when I meet the person I love. 
anger#When I left after the examination to enter the University and even though I had studied the whole year I made a bad exam. 
sadness#When I thought for an instant that a very good relationship with a person had finished. 
joy#When I entered in the University after a year of struggles. 
anger#In the University we were convoked to a stroll like a freshman I was still innocent about the manipulation. On seeing the goal of the exaltation to poor character people I felt anger on feeling myself mass of maneuver. 
sadness#In a social situation I became interested in a woman. We talked we laughed we enjoyed each other. She desappeared for a few minutes and a little after appeared with an other man. 
joy#A friend of mine travelled very far. I miss her but feel joy too because fer life is taking the right direction as she wants. So I feel joy for her mainly. 
joy#When I met my mother after months of absence. 
anger#Discussing with a certain person about a job I was getting and that perosn was negative and pessimistic. 
sadness#When I felt lack of aid from close friends. 
joy#I got a present from a great friend a dog. 
anger#I was waiting to receive the participation on the profits and did not receive it. 
sadness#I didnt get the job I wanted. 
joy#When I can see my parents because now I am far from them. 
anger#Once during a performance I did not sing the way I had to. 
sadness#When I got separated from the woman I loved. 
joy#When I was admitted to the Bulgarian State Conservatoire. 
anger#I was angry when my abilities of a singer were underestimated. 
sadness#I feel sadness from the fact that I was not born with a better appearance. 
joy#I have a new born child. 
anger#At a certain situation I felt myself neglected and undeservedly harmed. 
sadness#The sudden death of one of my parents. 
sadness#Getting separated from my family for a week caused me a sense of sadness. 
joy#I felt joy most strongly some years ago when I took part in a NH Competition and I was the first. 
anger#I feel anger when I see a parent beating and punishing his child in the street. Recently I was a withness of a similar case. 
sadness#I feel sadness when I only imagine that I could lose a close person. Some time ago I lost a man whom aI greatly respected. 
joy#When my nephew was born. The birth was hard it was a big baby. 
anger#My brother accused me undeservedly before my parents. I was not guilty. He was misled by his wife. 
sadness#When I left my boyfriend. I found another girl at his home but he did nothing to relieve the situation. 
joy#Some time ago I was present at the wedding party of two close friends of mine. 
anger#Someone stole my ski at Vitosha and of course I was the one to be blamed. I left them without supervision. 
sadness#I got separated form my closest friend. He went to work abroad. 
joy#An encounter with a man whom I love after a very long separation. 
anger#A shopassistant behaved rather roughly with me though she hadnt the slightest grounds for it. 
sadness#I saw a friend of mine who had suffered a very heavy contusion after an accident. 
joy#At a success of mine at a real achievement. 
joy#For the first time in my life telling someone I loved them. 
anger#When my mother decided to clean out my room and throw out what she thought was junk without my knowing about it so I returned home to find half my stuff gone. 
sadness#When I couldnt find my dog which was missing. 
joy#When I met my boyfriend and we discovered that we shared the same ideals and goals in life and that we could share all our feelings and thoughts and felt that the worlds not so bad when you have someone really close to share your life with. 
joy#When I passed the driving test after three failures. 
anger#When playing a football match there was one player who made mean tackels kicked at everything and did things having nothing to do with football. 
sadness#A close friend decided to stop with his study and to go back home. 
joy#For instance when a girl is interested in me and likes me. 
joy#I sensed this feeling when I passed successfully the second tour of a competition. 
anger#I felt anger against a colleague of mine during a rehearsal in acting. He hadnt learnt the text of an opera act in the course of several months and thus making difficulties for the rest of my colleagues. 
sadness#I felt sadness when I had to get separated from the woman I loved who had to leave for her motherland. 
joy#I was happy when at difficult times I could find support in my friend and my fiancT I was happy because of their spiritual and moral help which gave me new power to struggle. I was happy then I felt it in my soul. 
anger#I felt it on the same occasion when I felt sadness which finally grew into anger. 
sadness#My living and working conditions at home were unbearable. We used to live in a three room flat together with two more families. The discords caused a change one of the families moved out. The other family stayed with us but I drifted away from my fiancT. In fact we were two families in the flat. Then I found myself alone in the struggle for this life because my fiancT did not stay next to me my grief and sorrow took on large proportions. I wanted to commit suicide but instead I threw myself against the cause of the irritation. 
joy#That was what I felt when I was finally accepted in the Bulgarian Conservatorie after I had applied a couple of years. 
anger#I had an accident with a trafic police car that was packed at a curve without any visibility and against all traffic regulations in a strong snowstorm. As a result I still cannot repair my car because of the missing spare parts. 
sadness#A sudden doubt made me run for a long time in a rainy autumn night. When I reached the intended place I saw my beloved in another mans arms. A sudden blow grief I cannot qualify it it is painful for me to remember about it. 
joy#My boyfriend made me a proposal. 
anger#A whole crowd of us went to a folklore festival. The instructor of the cast where my boyfriend played was traveling with us. We decided to catch the train that leaved early in the morning because we had business on the following day. The instructor tried to get the upper hand and made us catch the train in spite of everything all the time he made me angry. 
sadness#When I quarrelled with my boyfriend. 
joy#When I heard what mark I had got at the entrance examination and I realized my admittance to the University was almost certain. 
joy#When I was admitted to a Language school. On the day when I was informed by a message and my parents congratulated me. 
anger#When my friend girl promised to help me go to the hospital and be examined by good experts and she deceived me. 
sadness#When I had stayed abroad for a long time and I had remembered about my friends and relatives. I felt sad and I wanted to see them as soon as possible. 
joy#When you are satisfied with something when you achieve something you have striven to. 
anger#When you are unjustly assessed at something you are sure to have been right. 
sadness#For the loss of a close friend or relative but you feel grief when you are away from home too. 
anger#They wanted something to happen but I didnt. 
sadness#I couldnt be with a girl on whom I was very keen. 
joy#Having passed an exam. 
anger#I shared a secret with a friend and it later turned out that he had revealed it to another person with whom I didnt get along very well. 
sadness#The loss of a very good friend. 
joy#Im glad when I have good relations with my colleagues and most of all when we are at a party. 
anger#I get angry with people who attain certain status without deserving it only with the support authority and influence of other people. 
sadness#I feel sad when I see things done against men and nothing could stop it at least I think so. 
joy#I experienced it when I was accepted at the Medical Higher Institute. 
anger#I experience that feeling when I am unsulted without deserving it or when someone deceives me. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#After each successfully passed exam I am happy. 
anger#I get angry when someone imputes on me things I never can do naturally negative. Servility connections impudence traits that get me mad. 
sadness#My brother is a soldier. He promised to come home in a furlough but in the last moment he phoned and said that he could not come. 
joy#After the term exams I happened to meet a person that I respect and of whom I think very highly. It was nice that although we see each other rarely he had not forgotten me. 
anger#I have a friend that I deeply trusted but it happened that I lost my confidence in her for which she herself was to blame. 
sadness#We are several friends but our characters are very different and we inevitably split in the two extremes. It is sad that I myself dont know what to do I try not to hurt either of the parties because there are conflicts to which one I should belong. 
joy#I experienced this feeling when I was accepted as a student. Because everything turned out different from my expectations. Although I passed the exam successfully I was accepted as a student only when I didnt expect it at all namely at the beginning of September. 
anger#When I was a soldier I quarrelled with my commander and may be in revenge for this he detailed me on duty two successive nights. Naturally he checked me up on the second night and found me asleep for which he sent me to the cells. 
sadness#Sometimes I experience sadness for the Sports High School and for my unrealized dreams in the sport. Anyway there I spent six years of my life. 
joy#Spontaneous picnic with sister and friend and children great. 
anger#Teenage neighbours smashed my letterbox for the fifth time in a couple of months. It was a deliberate action of kids who had stayed in my home had meals there yet took a dislike to my daughter. 
sadness#Guy I cared for went back to Canada to live. 
joy#Meeting with two of my friends I had not seen for 15 years. They were special people to me. 
anger#Ive a situation of responsibility an employee who had a habit of being late came late again after promising to say he would be at work in a few minutes then arrived 3 hours later. He had been drinking. 
sadness#My brother in law was dying of cancer. To see him wasting away was very sad. 
joy#When we took out an 84 year old woman for the evening and had hamburgers. She described the evening out as her happiest night out in 20 years. 
anger#A friend got angry and drove like a lunatic with me and others in his car. I was angry about his dangerous driving. 
sadness#A boy I look after for the probation service deliberately offended to provoke a reaction from the police. 
joy#I was seriously injured in a road accident. The very first steps I took with only one crutch to support me I felt so good. I enjoy being alive. 
anger#In the house where I live there is a new flatmate. His friends unfortunately are the dirt of society intelligent fashonable rich and bored. At a party recently they were doing things I didnt like done in my house. I felt angry at them. 
sadness#I was driving near my girlfriends house and I decided to keep going because it was late and I would be back in the next few days anyway. The next day she was killed in a road accident. 
joy#When I found out that a set task i. e. 2 essays and a test the thought of which had oppressed me were not on the date I had thought. 
joy#When for example I was in my eleventh school year and I learned I had been classed for the Bulgarian Language and Literature National Olympiad. 
anger#When for example I was not approved to continue my studies at the Moscow University no matter that I had the highest marks and in general the best records of all the candidates. 
sadness#When for example I left for the first time my parents and I went to live in Sofia. 
joy#Some time ago a close relative of mine got off cheap with the worst. 
anger#I havent often felt this feeling. Once someone stole my garment. 
sadness#Recently I happened to remain alone for a long time. 
joy#Realizing ones desire an experienced feeling of satisfaction from the realization of ones desires and aims. 
anger#Attitude to some manners of dealing and some sanctioned relations. 
sadness#Feeling unable to preserve ones ideas and ambitions as innocent as they are when you are young. 
joy#I won a sport contest. 
anger#A close person lied to me. 
sadness#Getting separated from my girlfriend. 
joy#When my son was born. 
anger#Unjust punishment of a friend of mine. 
sadness#After the loss of a close relative. 
joy#Meeting a loved man. 
anger#At an unjust or to be more precise at a bureaucratic treatment of ones personality. 
sadness#When one is alone and knows that all the others are celebrating. 
joy#I sensed such a feeling when I understood I was admitted to the University. I was at home the atmosphere was still though I myself was full of suspense. I tried to do different things. When the telephone rang and. . . ! Yes of course there were other situations when I felt a similar feeling but I was unmindful of them. 
anger#Anger I felt when my boyfriend told me he didnt mind breaking it off with me i. e. each of us to take his own road. Because until that moment he deliberately restricted our dates. The motives were brought to my knowledge later. 
sadness#Sometimes when Im alone I am seized by this feeling. But it always helps me to come round and at the same time to judge if it is worth. Very often this feeling is caused to me by people friends who I love and respect. 
joy#When I was admitted to the University. 
anger#In a conversation my boyfriend expressed definite and quite pretentious opinions and he took up an attitude towards a theory which he himself had never known. His information was from fortuitous sources. 
sadness#Summer heavy rain storm I was standing with my face stick to the window: the childhood something was going away forever this summer I was leaving my home I was going to study in another town for the first time I was leaving my parents friends I had to manage myself a long and loved period of my life was over I was crying. 
joy#When I understood that I was admitted to the University. 
anger#I feel this feeling when I am to fill in a questionnaire or a form. 
sadness#When the man I loved decided to leave me forever. 
joy#A quarrel was followed by the decision of leaving a person close to me. Several days later my regret was great. I was beside myself. Quite unexpectedly he came and the conflict was calmly solved. I was glad at the possibility to be with him. 
anger#Unfair and unjust attitude toward a person close to me what I was the witness of caused anger in me. 
sadness#The thought that Ill never sit at the school desk again caused a deep grief at the end of my eleventh form. 
joy#When I understood I was admitted to the Sofia University. 
anger#The doctors from Belogradchik town determined a wrong diagnosis to my son. A month later after some complex examinations at ISUL A medical institute in Sofia the diagnosis was categorically rejected. 
sadness#My son lives with my parents in the country and I feel this feeling always when leaving for Sofia but the last time it was quite strong. 
joy#I am a sportwoman as well. I felt joy when after an year of practice at a contest I covered the norms for a master of sports. 
anger#When I see how people around me pass by certain unjustice because of indifference or cowardice. 
sadness#When I left a man in whom I really believed. 
joy#When I was admitted to the University. 
anger#When someone lies to me. 
sadness#At an unjust insult or injure. 
joy#When my affairs with the girl I love settled positively. 
anger#It was quite recently at the football match between the national teams of Bulgaria and France. I felt strong anger with the Scottish referee who ran the match quite partially. 
sadness#When I am alone and listen to a song which I like very much and which I had listened before together with friends. 
joy#I passed successfully the preliminary exam for a participation in the children Assembly. 
anger#A friend of mine promised to come with me to the cinema but he didnt come. 
sadness#I felt sadness when I remembered my former boyfriend with whom I got separated an year ago and when comparing him with my present one with whom things are not much of a success. 
joy#Bulgaria won a football match against France. 
anger#I was neglected undeservedly. 
sadness#My grandmother died. 
joy#I felt joy when my two twin sisters were born. 
anger#About a month ago the Regional Council refused to pay my wife the due maternity benefit because of bureaucratic reasons. 
sadness#Some months ago my wife gave birth to twin sisters. She had no idea of looking after babies and she felt quite oppressed. The fact that I couldnt help her caused grief to me. 
joy#The period when I was pregnant and when I gave birth to my son. I can say those were the happiest months in my life. 
anger#When I encountered not only with my fathers lack of understanding but also with his unwillingness to understand me as a parent as far as things for which I not he have proves to be right are concerned. 
sadness#From the fact that my husband and I are not in good terms. 
joy#I felt joy when I saw my daughter after a separation of twenty days. 
anger#I thought him a good friend but he tried to lie to me several times. Last time was the height of impudence. He promised he would come home but he didnt. I felt a sense of anger and insult. 
anger#At an undeserved attitude toward a man when human personality is not treated decently. 
sadness#At an irrevocable loss with respect to human relations. 
joy#When I was admitted to the University. 
anger#I feel a strong anger when I am treated unjustly. 
sadness#At a prolonged separation with my family. 
joy#The day when my son said for the first time mummy. 
anger#My husband and I were invited at the house of our nieghbours then we got an invitation on the part of my parents which we had to refuse. A a result they called me by words that provoked my anger. 
sadness#My son lives in the country. I feel sadness when I see mothers having walks with their children. 
joy#The sense of joy comes to me always after a period of depression as an organic feeling for an upsurge. I dont exclude the situative feeling but in this case the reason is not in me its out of me. 
anger#A honest sliding on the part of a girlfriend of mine. Terribly crossed I started breaking things and tearing books. 
sadness#Alone I am coming back home in the night after the serial explanation. 
joy#My son was born. 
anger#I was drawn up a statement for an infringement of the traffic ordinance. In fact I was innocent. 
sadness#I lost a close friend. 
joy#After 10 days of hard work and having suffered many changes I passed my last exam. 
anger#When I am made to do things in which I see no sense and I waste my time. Some time ago I had to participate in a sociological investigation and then I got really angry. 
sadness#When I feel I must be with somebody to talk with somebody but I am alone. 
joy#When I am with friends and I do what pleases me this often happenes. 
anger#I unfairly got a low mark on an exam and I failed to win a grant since then I dont have much confidence in myself at an exam. 
sadness#It happened that I was alone with no contacts with friends. 
joy#I was happy when I understood that the girl I liked was in love with me. 
anger#I get angry when my smaller brother misbehaves and talks with indecent words. 
sadness#When my dog was stolen. 
joy#When I met with friends that I hadnt seen for a long time. 
anger#I got angry with a stranger in a train who behaved impertinently and immorally
sadness#When I failed at the first entrance exam. 
joy#Six months ago when I got acquaintanced with a person whom I trusted infinitely and from whom I expected help and friendly feelings. With him I found much in common in our views and in our fate. 
anger#I always get angry when somebody deceives me or tries to conceal his lie skilfully and this offends me even more. 
sadness#Sadness this is an emotion which I have felt very often recently. I cant remember a concrete example. I will describe my general impression from severl situations which evoked this feeling in me. 
joy#When I was accepted as a student. 
anger#With the girl whom I may be loved truly. When she refused to come with me to an occasion she was from another town. 
sadness#For the girl who halped me go on living and made me happy when I dont see her even for two or three days. 
joy#I felt it when on duty in the hospital I understood that I was not afraid to face death that I also helped a little to relieve the pains of a patient. 
anger#I felt it when a girl who was dear to me lied to my face. I got angry with the fact that she knew I didnt believe her but she kept on telling lies. 
sadness#Sadness no I felt something much stronger when my father died. 
joy#When I knew that my husband and I were going to have a child. 
anger#When my husband stays late at a meeting and I have to be alone. 
sadness#The loss of a person I loved very much. 
joy#I was very happy when I got the message that I had been accepted as a student in medicine. 
anger#I got angry when I learned how short a time we had to prepare for the term examinations. 
sadness#I felt sad when my first boyfriend and I left each other. It was neither his fault nor mine. 
joy#When I learned that my parents were going abroad and leaving me alone for a few years. 
joy#When I was admitted to the Institute. I had problems with many people about my applying for this institute and I decided to prove that one can pass excellently without visiting any preparatory couse. That is I proved what I could do on my own. 
anger#A chief was unjustly punished on an autumn brigade and the one who was really guilty kept silent. I stepped in front and told the truth. The guilty chief called me in after the rollcall and threatened me. 
sadness#Years ago I fell in love for the first time. as natural for every schoolgirl I was daydreaming. Later after 3 years we left each other. No one was to blame but I felt deep sadness. Even now I remember about it quite often. 
joy#When I learned I was admitted to study what I wanted most floriculture this is a narrow specialization from the general one. 
anger#My grandmothers brother had taken active part in the resistance movement. He had been in prison many times and there he lost his health. He became an invalid. When we phoned to First Aid the nurse on duty behaved quite unkindly when she understood how old he was 79. 
sadness#My boyfriend is a soldier. He was on a leave. I felt sad when we had to get separated again. 
joy#I was very glad when I learned I was a student already. I heard about it over the phone I didnt believe it at first. 
anger#I suffered from a gynaecological illness. I was quite displeased to hear that my roommates had talked about it and they had misrepresented the truth. I felt deeply hurt when I learned that it was done by a good acquaintance of mine. 
sadness#When my first boyfriend left me. I tried not to let him understand I felt miserable. 
joy#I felt glad when I took the rather difficult organic chemistry examination. 
anger#I confronted with this feeling at the Institute quite recently the pedology lecturer was the cause. 
sadness#This feeling was quite deep when my friend girl died in a car accident. 
joy#I sensed a strong feeling of joy when in the plant at my working place I got a message that I was admitted as full time student at the Higher Agricultural Institute. 
anger#When on a car journey a fellow student crossed our way with his own car and we had to bump into a roadside trunk. 
sadness#The loss of a close relative who was ill with cancer. 
joy#After a difficult exam. When I had not hoped to take it and had got a high mark. When you present someone with something and he feels glad. 
anger#I feel angry at peoples indifference at our ability to be present at an event and to stay partial to what happens. 
sadness#When you are far away from relatives and friends. I feel sad for my early years for the freedom and the carefree years of childhood. 
joy#I was sitting for an exam in biochemistry I was very excited because it was a supplementary examination. I passed the exam very well and was glad because I recovered my selfconfidence. 
anger#It was necessary to organise a competition in connection with a celebration. Everyone was to be present at that event. It turned out that there was no audience at all because everyone had pretended to be very intelligent and no one had come. I got furious. 
sadness#When I part with my friends I feel always sad for some time. I cant remember a concrete example now. For example I have just parted with a friend of mine and I am feeling sad. 
joy#When I succeded in establishing a contact with a girl who is now my girlfriend. 
anger#When my bosom friend tried to lie to me. 
sadness#When I quarrelled with a very close friend of mine. 
joy#I feel joy usually after each taken exam the last one was in February. 
anger#I felt anger at my last exam I felt angry with our teacher because he did not rate me objectively and I failed. 
sadness#I met a girl some time ago and I cared very much about her but it happened so that we left each other. I felt some sort of sadness I think I can call it so. 
joy#When I was admitted to the Higher Institute. 
anger#I felt angry when I failed in an exam about which I knew quite a few things and I did not deserve to be plucked. 
sadness#When my mother and father were on an excursion in Chechoslovakia and I was at a student camp and I heard over the radio about the events that were taking place there. 
joy#I felt joy when I was admitted to the Higher Agricultural Institute. 
anger#That was what I felt with a teacher who put down quite unreal marks. 
sadness#I felt sad when a friend of mine died and I felt that something had irrevocably gone away from me. 
joy#I was for the first time on a brigade this year. At that time my sister was to bear a child. I was mad with joy when I opened the telegram from my parents and learned I had a nephew. 
anger#I faced this feeling when I realized I wasnt admitted to the institute in the first classifying in spite of the high mark I had got at the entrance examination. 
sadness#Always when I get separated from my friends and relatives from my home town. 
joy#Naturally when I got myself discharged this was my second birthday. 
anger#A nuisance used to live in our flat a month ago. I experienced this feeling when I tried to chase her out. 
sadness#After my fathers death. 
joy#I felt the greatest burst of joy when after being heavily ill for a long period my father came back home. 
anger#I took part in a football match. The referee was extremely partial to the opposite team. This stirred up my discontent and anger. 
sadness#When my first girlfriend an I left each other. 
joy#When I got a message that I was employed as a nurse at a kindergarten. 
anger#When a teacher though pretending to be a highly cultivated teacher and a man slapped a classmate of mine in the face quite undeservedly. 
sadness#When I got separated from my first love. 
joy#Being invited out by a person I wished to get closer to. He telephoned and invited me to go out with him the next night. 
anger#The breakup of a relationship. After the event I was upset/sad then angry maybe 2/3 weeks later. 
sadness#The funeral of a friend who was killed in a car accident. She was of my own age there were many of my own friends present as well as her family etc. 
joy#Achievement of a task by a friend who had begun a new job. She wasnt confident of handling the situation so was thinking of leaving the job only after 2 days employment. 
anger#When my son omits to carry out certain duties at home that he knows needs doing. 
sadness#When I saw my niece 5 yrs crying in the hallway for her mother who had passed away about a month ago. 
joy#Felt joy a few years ago when I was away on holiday. And sat very close to my best friend looking straight into the eyes. 
anger#In a sociology class I felt very angry towards some members of society for exploiting the Polynesian people dawn raids by Police Martin Luther King Blacks in S. A. . But this was just a reflection of my own shortcomings. 
sadness#Felt sad about some street kids in QUEII square Aotea square. Because they had been sniffing glue and some were very young. I went into the role of a performing clown. 
joy#When I meet old past pupils of mine and find they are all doing well I feel joy. Yesterday I met a young woman 20 yrs Id taught her at 6 yrs then at 12 yrs and hadnt seen her for last 34 yrs she was no longer a waitress but a meter maid for Council. 
anger#A friend visited and made comments that my house/garden were not as neat/tidy as in the past. Id not seen her a year She implied Id gone to the pack Id only been working full time and taking 3 University exams part time. 
sadness#When my father a 4th/5th generation colonial from Eng. attacked me verbally about my chosen partner. A man whom he discarded because his colour skin was not white. His ultimate disgust saddned me. 
joy#My 3 children each top his class in the final exams 1984. 
anger#A shop in Downtown wouldnt accept my Visa Card before December last year. 
sadness#My dog of 16 and 1/2 years Lord Grey died in his sleep His death caused me more and deeper sadness than I thought. 
joy#When my daughter was born. 
anger#When my husband got picked up in our new car for drunken driving. We had made a pact the other would not drink and so therefore would be the driver for the evening etc. I was not present at the time. 
sadness#When my grandmother died very suddenly without warning. 
joy#Being reunited with my family after not having seen them for 5 years at the airport. Sheer elation at getting through the paper work collecting bags and the anticipation of coming through the customs gate. 
anger#My partner without discussing with me the situation decided it was time for us to have a break and went ahead and arranged his own life for the next 612 months then told me the day before it was about to happen having been tolerant and friendly for the preceding week. 
sadness#I had been living in an overseas city and made the decision to leave the city and come home about 12 months before I met a whole new set of friends leaving them at the airport was sad and traumatic as they had helped me in many ways and I knew I wouldnt see many of them again. 
anger#This situation keeps occurring when my little sister disagrees with me or viceversa. We have very similar temperaments and I always end up feeling angry at her and myself for fighting so much over unimportant trivial matters. 
sadness#When my grandmother who has been living with us for 14 years had a stroke and was left paralysed on one side. She has been quite close to our family and to see her suffer in this way makes me feel really sad. 
joy#My mother along with some of my friends gave me a surprise birthday party they invited a large number of my friends along too. 
anger#Because I am the Captain of a basketball team I usually organise a roster system so that everyone in the team can have a turn at doing either a duty or a ref. A lot of the time the girls cant be bothered or just forget I usually have to fill in. 
sadness#So as to be closer to the university I have left home and moved into Auckland. It now seems as if I have left home especially my family forever. 
joy#Passing my pharmacy exams which meant my tertiary education for pharmacy completed. 
anger#When my boyfriend wouldnt dance with me on my graduation night because he thought I could dance with my friends who were friendly. 
sadness#When my sister really my niece died of cancer at the age of 2 yrs after I took her to the doctor at the age of 1 and he diagnosed it. 
joy#Joy for me is when all my family gather around home for special occasions as Christmas etc. It really gives me joy to see my family and relatives and to observe natures productivity process which have been going on for centuries. 
anger#Never really had the experience just yet N/A. 
sadness#This occurred when my girlfriend and I have to finish our relationship due to some circumstances between her and her family. I was really sad hurt and couldnt really find any reason why am I still living. Is this life is all about? This was one of few question which crept up vividly every time I thought about what had happened. 
joy#Letting Jesus take control of my emotions i. e. ill feeling. 
anger#When present boyfriends mother approached my parents and self to leave her son alone as she did not want me for a future daughterinlaw. 
sadness#When boyfriend could not stand up to his mother or for himself. 
joy#My cousin asked me to be a bridesmaid for her. This made really happy because I was adopted into the family and her asking me made me realise that she saw me as a cousin and not just another person. There were other cousins she could have asked but she asked me. 
anger#1 My father died. 2 My natural father contacted me a year after my father died and this angered me more as I thought he should be dead and not my father. 
sadness#My father died. I was away at the time and did not know until two days after. 
joy#Joy at meeting a woman I love very much. 
anger#When a man a stranger to me personally insulted a close woman friend of mine in public. 
sadness#After my father died suddenly of a heart attack. 
joy#When my lover and I felt like we had gone full circle. And our relationship was new fresh vital etc. once again. 
anger#My anger is with men their inability to be human not all men. 
sadness#The saddest Ive ever been was when my lover was killed hitchhiking to work. 
joy#A good friend the wife of the vicar of my church came up to me from the pews I am in the choir and shook my hand during the time for an informal greeting in the church service. She said a few words. 
anger#Someone in my family my brother I suspected ate a bun which I had made for myself. It was during a long telephone call after I had just made it and put it in the oven warming drawer. 
sadness#Sitting in a bus I heard behind the voice of a girl I was friendly with. After her talking for some time with another girl I decided it wasnt her in fact that someone miming her which it was when I finally looked. I was talking to a friend at the time. 
joy#My friend replying to my letter and again saying he was attracted to me and suggesting we write talk and get together and see how things went and his suggestion that I could ring and doing that it was really good though really insane conversation. 
anger#I live by myself and a few weeks ago was woke by a man on the end of my bed coming up my bed at me. I was really angry told him to get out. He was surprised hesitated I started to move towards him and he backed off kept telling him loudly but firmly to go. Because Id got the initiative I succeeded. A very powerful message. 
sadness#When my grandmother died I wasnt sad so much that shed died because she was old but because she lived in the last few years in an old peoples home and had nothing very much that was hers no chair or private space and when I went to visit she would be sitting in the lliving room the TV room. It was hopeless. And I felt awkward so I didnt go and I was sad cos how I couldnt. 
anger#When during a social evening with my father brother sister close friend and my fathers 2nd wife I had an argument with my father who abused my friend who was sticking up for me. 
sadness#When the girl whom I have lusted after expressed reciprocal feelings and then days later changed her mind. 
joy#Girlfriend arriving back from overseas and picking her up from airport. When she finally appeared from customs and we came in contact again. 
anger#That a friend had been badly beaten and stabbed many times and the person that did it got away without any punishment from the law. 
sadness#The death of an animal we had reared. 
joy#The feeling of joy when again I had confessed my sin and experienced Gods forgiving grace and cleansing power total enlightenment and freedome bliss. 
anger#When bicycling along a courier van started to tail me very close I sped up and moved over and he just did the same. I reacted violently much physical responding in the dangerous situation. 
sadness#My cat was sick and I had to take him to the vet to be put down no one else there to do it. 
joy#First time I slept with my present girlfriend. Had been best friends for a year but had been hesitant about getting involved emotionally. 
anger#Deliberately provoked by someone close. Angered by the deliberation not the provocation. 
sadness#My girlfriend let me down badly 3 times in one week. These instances summed up all the negative aspects of our relationship which at the time seemed doomed to fail. 
joy#Hearing that I had been successful in getting a position whereby my financial physical spiritual and emotional needs will be well catered for. This position fulfils a lot of my aims for the last five years of my life. 
anger#When a close friend failed to live up to the expectations I had of him thereby causing pain to his spouse. I believe that my anger was probably a reaction of fear that I wouldnt be able to live up to my own expectations. 
sadness#Departure of a very close friend for a long stay overseas sharing in the sorrow of her parents who were left behind. 
joy#Hearing Fran Wilde introduce the Bill. 
anger#Landlord putting up rents sneakly and slimily. 
sadness#Listening and watching a tape of someone with AIDS being prejudiced against at a counselling course on AIDS with 20 others. 
joy#Won a prize for effort. 
anger#I was playing in a football tournament and saw the rules openly disregarded. 
sadness#Death of brother. 
joy#I was feeling really low had been a series of fights with my siblings been under pressure at school and wasnt going to the party I wanted to go instead I was going out with my family. A guy called and said in effect that I was nice and he liked me. Hence the emotional joy. 
anger#My sister and I were fighting as usual. Shes older tham I am bigger built and stronger I couldnt win in a physical battle and in a verbal battle I couldnt seem to get through to her to really hurt her. 
sadness#My paternal grandmother had died. We werent close but she was blood. I didnt cry but I was sad partly due to her death and partly I think due to the fact that I couldnt/didnt cry. 
joy#Winning a rowing race at a Karapiro regatta. With 7 other friends. 
anger#At school teacher for not allowing us to go out on New Years Eve when on a class trip overseas. 
sadness#I was in a car accident on the way back from a weekend rowing regatta wed won. 5 others were in the car. I thought Id never be able to row again. 
joy#When I won a position on the trackteam for the transtasman games when I was eleven. 
anger#Once a person in authority school teacher was telling blatant lies about me and the headmistress would not let me defend myself. She was also telling lies about other members of my family. 
sadness#When my mother died. 
joy#Easter holiday I had been working weekends and had just left. 
anger#I visited a special education school. The headmaster applied a policy of strict positive negative reinforcement to the children involved. Children who measured up to his standards were made a fuss of children who didnt were ignored. 
sadness#I felt sad with the two situations I described before. The cat and the school. Sadness was intermingled with the other feelings. 
joy#Getting my kitten found at work several years ago taking him home in a box on my motorbike showing it to my defacto. 
anger#At work being shifted to another area. 
sadness#Enrolling at varsity being told I couldnt get in to certain papers. 
joy#When I was finally able to return to a job that I enjoyed doing after several months absence I was not needed during this time. 
anger#Someone who was speeding was forced to slow down when I pulled out onto the road and proceeded to abuse me at the next set of traffic lights. 
sadness#When someone I was close to became a paranoid schizophrenic and I was unable to see this person because of the situation. 
joy#At my wedding standing with the man I love and acknowledging that fact to members of family and friends. 
anger#Arriving home from work after a long and tiring day to find no dinner prepared as I had expected. 
sadness#At the death of my husbands fathers mother which occurred during university examinations and therefore I was unable to attend her funeral. 
joy#Waking in morning early morning and having whole day to myself. 
anger#Friend male hinted that my talking to other men at a pub was immoral. He implied that I should remain only with my boyfriend the entire evening. 
sadness#On rising. No apparent reason. 
joy#When my first niece was born. 
anger#When the bus driver failed to stop and pick me up at a bus stop. 
sadness#When my uncle died of leukemia at age 35. 
joy#When I went to the pub with a large group of friends we drank and danced. 
anger#My boyfriend promised to take me to see a game of tennis and rang saying he was going to the pub with some of his friends instead. 
sadness#My mother was unwell and went for many cancer tests. She spent time in hospital being opened and closed many times. 
joy#Birth of children. 
anger#In a hurry to get to lectures and the car would not start. 
sadness#When grandfather died. 
joy#Thought had discovered true love. 
anger#When fired unjustly from a job as casual barperson. Charged with giving away free drinks. Not done so and had witnesses to prove it both patrons and bar staff. Other staff were supportive. 
sadness#Close friend leave to go overseas for an indefinite period. Farewell scene at airport. 
joy#Receiving understanding from within self of a subject I had previously wished to understand better. 
anger#Towards wifes laziness in not performing her usual duties because of television watching. 
sadness#Watching suffering in Third World country. 
joy#Meeting best friend at the airport boyfriend who I had missed terribly. 
sadness#My cat died painfully and slowly. 
joy#I was very pleased and happy when my older sister came home from living somewhere out of town and I hadnt seen her for months. We are very close sisters. 
anger#My parents didnt allow me to go to a social function that all my friends were attending. 
sadness#While still at school a friend died of cancer after being ill for a long time she was 17 yrs old. 
joy#When my brother who has been out of New Zealand for 10 years came to visit with his wife which none of our family had previously met. 
anger#In arguments with a close friend or relative where my point of view is completely disregarded. 
sadness#When my grandfather whom I had met only once for 3 weeks died after several months. I was really sad because he was a lovely person and I did not have the means for his company. 
joy#When my former boyfriend and I reconciled and he decided that I was very important to him. I had always wanted us to get back together again but had doubted the likelihood of this so I was very happy when my small amount of faith was vindicated. 
anger#When at very short notice I agreed to work in place of a friend who was sick and owner of the restaurant refused to allow me a drink later in the evening which is usually always available for workers did not thank me and was generally indifferent towards me I felt I did not deserve this. 
sadness#When I learned that my former boyfriend had become engaged although I was glad that he had found what he wanted I was very sad at my own personal loss since I had always hoped we might one day reconcile. 
joy#I did a solo flight from Ardmore to Kaikohe before I got my pilot licence. I can remember it was gorgeous day and I was on a natural high cruising up the coast with my maps and compasses and gear. Other pilots had seen me off and wished me good luck and it was a real adventure. 
anger#I cooked the engine in my fathers car it was actually his fault because he hadnt fixed the temperature gauge or told me. When I finally got home I was absolutely screamed at and the anger I experienced was over the injustice of it all plus the huge row which developed. 
sadness#This sounds really predictable and usual but it was absolutely heartrending at the time. My first lover I was 15 just rang up one day and announced that he had found another woman. I never saw him again and it hurt because I was positive that it was TRUE LOVE! ! 
joy#A holiday at a whitesand deserted beach. A cool evening near the end of summer and we had a fire in the sand toasted marshmellows cuddled and drank champagne. 
anger#My best friend at school told lies about me to a boy I was seeing and went out with him herself. 
sadness#I found a baby opposum on the road and took it home and cared for it for a week. It had to be forcefed and carried in a fur pouch under my jersey. My father had the vet put it to sleep as he said they carried diseases. 
joy#Winning a race that I had been training for for many weeks. Running Race. 
anger#When someone ignores what I am saying or doesnt let me have my point of view and they monopolise a conversation. 
sadness#When I got into an argument with someone and was very abusive but they were a close friend and I later regretted it. 
joy#Listening to the opening bars of Tchaikovsdys symphony No. 2 fourth movement at my sisters wedding. 
anger#As in sadness A relating to this slaghter of furseals. 
sadness#A A documentary in which baby fur seals were being clubbed/spiked to death by Canadian sealhunters. Brutally graphic. 
sadness#B Description of a disfigured orphaned child in Hiroshima calling for her mother. 
joy#Seeing my sister after about 2 years of not seeing her. Only spent 1 hour or so before she was off overseas with her husband for 3 months. 
anger#Stopped at a Fast Food shop with friends and a few locals wanted to fight us for no apparent reason. They hit and picked on one of my friends. 
sadness#My father recently having a heart attack spending a few months in hospital. 
joy#Talking with someone I admire a lot. 
anger#Came back from surfing to find car broken into and gear and money stolen. 
sadness#Caused a family disturbance. 
joy#I was best man at my brothers wedding a year ago. 
anger#I am one of four directors of a company. We inherited land held by our family ours is the 5th generation. A democratic decision was made to stapbank an area of mangroves. 
sadness#Social situation at the pub a close friend of 2 years told the group around us of advances I had made. 
joy#Hearing my girlfriend accept my offer of marriage. 
anger#Brother continually interupting while I was talking on the telephone. 
sadness#Hearing of the death of a friend who had been skiing. 
joy#When I found out I had passed all of my university exams. 
anger#When my girlfriend of two years told me it was all over. 
sadness#A person I really like left for overseas for a few months I had hoped to go out with her soon. 
joy#When I received my U. E. accredited as I was totally unexpecting it and I was so happy. 
anger#When my flatmate put me down because she thought she was better than me or she felt she was. 
sadness#When a very close friend of mine went into hospital for a major operation and I couldnt see her for a while as I was not a relative she had no relatives in N. Z. 
joy#I received an assignment back and got an A+ grading. 
anger#I lent a textbook to a person I did not know very well they lost the textbook and gave me no compensation. 
sadness#At the beginning of the year I moved to a new city I felt sad as I had to leave many friends and family members behind. 
joy#Getting University Entrance accredited and arriving home from boarding school on accrediting leave. 
anger#When my mother rejected my boyfriend and made unfair judgements on him. 
sadness#At my grandfathers funeral My grandparents virtually raised me as my mother was a soloparent and had to work. 
joy#The birth of my first child. 
anger#Most recently when the chairman at the New Zeeland Rugby Union announced that the All Blacks would accept the invitation of South Africa to play rugby in that country. 
sadness#When I was told a friends baby had been born with only partial sight. This was her first child and she was not young the mother that is. 
joy#I was biking with my boyfriend the sun shining after a long period of bad beather afterwards we spent the evening and night together. 
anger#In a discussion the leader wanted to stop because she was of the opinion that we were not involved and she misjudged our reactions as negative. We however only posed several questions which she couldnt answer. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. She stayed with us until I had the age of 10. When she died I was 13 and I remember the moment after the funeral: I sat on the table and cried. 
joy#When passing the final examinations for social worker. 
anger#A man kept a seat taken by putting his coat on it after a while the chair was still empty I asked him if I could use the chair he didnt agree for the chair was for his coat. 
sadness#When the relationship with my girlfriend broke up. 
joy#A friend came to tell me that her father invited me to go on holiday with them in Benidorm otherwise I could not afford to go on holiday. 
anger#The landlord had selected a new lodger on her own while we used to do that it was not what she had done but how she did it that made me angry. 
sadness#It was a complex situation concerning a relationship with a boyfriend I had broken the relationship for some reasons. Meanwhile as I felt it I had most sorrow. 
joy#At the moment when I heard the result of an examination and it proved that I succeeded the second year of my study. 
anger#When someone accuses me without reason and is not willing to listen to me. 
sadness#My boyfriend decided to make an end to our relationship. 
joy#I cant give one description here. I often feel joyful when I have done things good in relation to other people especially when my friend says he loves me and I also tell him that I love him. 
anger#A good friend deceived me. Because of that little quarrel our relationship finished mainly because she was not honest. I was very angry about that. 
sadness#I was very sad when my first boyfriend finished our relationship. 
joy#When my boyfriend came back after being away for 10 days. 
anger#When my mother told things to my sister which I told my mother in confindence. 
sadness#Tonight in bed when I realised how bad my relationship with my friend was. 
joy#When I was making music together with my friend. It sounded very good and we were very satisfied. 
anger#I had to unscrew something on my car. I didnt succeed after two afternoons of trying. A feeling of anger built up itself. 
sadness#Losing my girlfriend who made an end to our relationship. By this I lost an important source of support certainty and joyful moments. I cried very intensly when that happened. 
joy#At an important moment in a volleyball game we made a point and by this we won a set from a much stronger competitor. 
anger#I had an appointment with someone at a certain time. The other person didnt appear. 
anger#When my friends left without waiting for me after we had arranged to go out together. 
sadness#When they gave away my dog to other people without my knowledge. 
joy#When the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final of the Europe Cup at Athens. 
anger#At having an argument with a stranger in the street. 
joy#The day I finished my military service. 
anger#One day when I was a child my grandmother shut me up in a room. 
sadness#The day I left my first girlfriend. 
joy#When I won the first prize in a cross country race. 
anger#An argument among friends in which my opinions on the way to spend spare time were disapproved. 
sadness#I was forced to leave an unforgettable friend. 
joy#When I passed the last exam which I had doudts about. 
anger#When the Real Madrid football team lost against the inter in the U. E. F. A cup. 
sadness#When my dog died. I had reared it for nearly three years. It had been ill for several days and had not eaten anything. One morning I found it dead. 
joy#When I was back home after a long time meeting beloved people and close friends. 
joy#When on holiday in Greece I called my best friend she told me she passed the examinations and that she had been admitted to the study for speech therapy. 
anger#We lived with 3 persons in the loft of a house. It often occurred that other persons again and again climbed the stairs with much noise. When I was studying I couldnt concentrate and got angry. 
sadness#I partly colored my hair black. My mother didnt like it and reproached me to be a subversive element. Later on she stated that this was due to my friends. As I see it this all resulted from colouring my hair. 
joy#It appeared that I gave correct answers to all questions during an examination of personality while I thought I performed very badly. Even now I dont know how I managed it. 
anger#My sister borrowed some LP records for a party. She had left them in the car on curatao. Due to the heat they were crooked so I couldnt play them again. 
sadness#When my grandmother died her life was heavy and her last hours were terrible. 
joy#Unofficially I was informed about my results of the final examination of the secondary school. A teacher wrote them up for me. When I went outside I started crying with joy. 
anger#If they force me to eat something I dont like. For example my parents always twaddle and whine when I dont eat all the food. 
sadness#I had to leave Den Helder and all friends and acquaintences after having spend two weeks there with my friends. 
joy#When the parents of my girlfriend gave permission to spend our holiday together. 
anger#Someone who always took care for the key of the sportshall stayed away without letting us know. Next time he did as if nothing had happened. 
sadness#When my last relation broke up. 
joy#When I passed the driving test on the second try. 
anger#I am a teacher in arts and crafts boys from 1516 years. for them it is obligatory and they dislike it. They tease me. When one of them cut up some material I flared up. 
sadness#My sister was in coma for 3 months due to a train accident. Now her brainfunctions are disturbed. She will never be able to walk and she can hardly talk. 
joy#When I started a relation with a girl with whom I have fallen in love already some time ago. 
anger#I work for a journal. Once the layout came to nothing due to thoughtlessness of some colleagues. 
sadness#My mother was stuck by an apoplectic fit was hemiparalyzed and suffered an aphasia. 
joy#I felt very happy when I heard I had passed the examination to move up to the second year course. 
anger#I invited two friends. We should go out together. Those two girls kept talking about boys chatting up etc. I bacame sick of it. 
sadness#I felt very sad when my boyfriend wanted to break our relationship. Our relationship lasted two years we shared everything and all this was finished. 
joy#I liked to see off my aunt from Zaire to the airport. That appeared to be impossible because I had to go to school. For long time I wasnt sure if I could accompany her. Two days before the departure they told me I was allowed to miss school. 
anger#I was sleeping nicely until in the middle of the night when I became awake because a friend called me for some in my opinion nonsens reason. 
sadness#My boyfriend with whom I had a longlasting relationship fell in love with another girl then he asked me something which implied that he loved that girl more than he loved me. 
joy#When I had to undergo the final examination of secondary school I lived together with a girlfriend. We both were afraid to fail but it appeard that we both had passed. 
anger#When my father took away my cherised diaries to burn them I was also very sad Oh how I hated him. 
sadness#I felt very sad when I left home because I could not stand it any longer. I do not regret it but I missed my little sister very much and she missed me. These feelings wear off over time. 
joy#Passing my drivers examination after two failures. 
anger#A quarrel with my mother because I thought she said very unreasonable things about me that hit me strongly. 
sadness#The disease and subsequent death of a close acquaintance. Sadness was accompanied with feelings of powerlessness I also experienced sadness in the situation described under guilt. 
joy#When a friend of mine had her period while thinking she was pregnant. 
anger#When the coach of our team degraded me to the second team. 
sadness#When a friend died. 
joy#Spending the nitht with close friends after being away out of Nijmegen for a while. 
anger#When anybody wants to make me feel guilty. For example: I should do something for my mother but things didnt go as she hoped. Then she threatens: Ill do it myself. 
sadness#When a close friend took leave of me because she went to Israel for one year. 
joy#A fellow player quite unexpectedly scores a goal which means a draw. 
anger#While playing indoorhockey there always is an older man who frequently and intentionally plays the ball out of the field. In my opinion this is very childish because we play for fun only. 
sadness#I was together with my family one night a few days after my father had died during that conversation I expressed my displeasure because nobody understands me. 
joy#When my boyfriend once again told me that he loved me after a period in which he felt very depressive. 
anger#When late at night I discovered that they had stolen my bike. 
sadness#When a friend after being free of drugs for half a year started using them again. 
anger#When a friend who comes visiting me unexpectedly asks for coffee and I refuse to give him this. 
sadness#Watching a football game. This remindes me of the time when my father was still alive and when we watched football games on TV together. 
joy#When I got a good grade for an exam in statistics. 
anger#My father promised me a bicycle for my birthday. Just before my birthday he forgot he promised this to me. 
sadness#A younger brother of a good friend of mine died asthma. 
joy#I had a very pleasant conversation with one of my friends. 
anger#My bicycle was demolished. 
sadness#During the funeral of my grandmother when I saw my mother and other family members crying. 
joy#This week I was phoned by an old friend with whom I lost contact a few years ago. 
anger#Last year I had a friend visiting me for several days. The only thing he did was sleeping drinking taking pills and thinking only about himself. 
anger#My girlfriend does practice and therefore leaves me alone at night and in the weekend. In addition she is very busy doing several things. So we dont see each other often. 
sadness#My father suddenly fell ill. He stayed for 3 months in the hospital: the last month on intensive care of the Academic Hospital then he died. 
joy#I thought that someone was angry with me but by hindsight that didnt appear to be the case he even liked me. 
anger#My parents thought that I didnt do my best to pass the final examination secondary school. When I achieved a good grade they said nothing but if I had had a bad grade they would have become very angry. 
sadness#When I caused much pain and sorrow to my boyfriend by finishing our relationship. 
joy#A meeting and a conversation with a woman somewhat elder than me who considers me as her child she also has one child of her own. Last two years I lived with her no relationship. 
anger#When talking with my sister she often ventilates prejudices which my father also adheres. 
sadness#I was in a hopeless situation in a dirty place. No study no work only loneliness. 
joy#When I passed the driving test already on the first try although I felt more and more uncertain as the day came near. 
anger#When I arranged our holiday in Paris and my girlfriend raised criticisms all the time. 
sadness#When it suddenly appeared that our dog was dangerously ill and probably would die. We had not expected this because he was always very healthy. Fortunately he survived because we in turn gave him medicines during the night. 
joy#Passing an examination although I felt sure I had failed. 
anger#I suffer from a disease of my muscles. Therefore I am only able to attend lectures for half a day. So sometimes I miss obligatory lectures. However the teachers do not take into account my disease and punish me with detention work resulting in an overload. 
sadness#I suffer form a disease of my muscles. However I cannot talk about it and my feelings the consequence with my parents. They try to repress it. 
anger#When a pickpocket robbed me of my money K20 while I was buying bathing soap. 
sadness#When I failed the grade seven examination. 
joy#The day I learnt that I had been admitted to the university. 
anger#In 1983 a sadist provoked my sister in my presence. He tried to force my sister into accompanying him to his place but my sister did not agree and so she was kicked and she fell down. There was a fight. 
sadness#When my father passed away in 1978. I was left alone with my mother who was very sick so I had to go and live with my aunt who is very short tempered till my mother was discharged from the hospital. 
joy#Boy you have been admitted to the medicine school and your uncle is coming back fron Canada next week my father told me and it was a happy moment. 
anger#When my mother quarrelled with my aunt over me. 
sadness#My elder brother had been expelled from college and he was so frustated that he attempted suicide he drank bottle fragments. I was very sad when I learnt this. 
joy#I won the first prize at the science fair the first of the kind at school and I was only in form II then. 
anger#My younger brother destroyed and gave away some of the books that I had intended to keep for as long as possible. 
sadness#When a close relative of mine passed away it was the first time that someone so close to me had died. 
joy#My 21st birthday celebration when I cut the cake and received the presents. 
anger#When some seniors tried to scold and insult some juniors on account of what the juniors were supposed to have said at secondary school. 
sadness#When an uncle of mine who was close to me passed away after having had a stroke before his first daughter could be named. 
sadness#My fiancT left me for my best friend. 
joy#A recurrent lovesickness. 
anger#Meddlesomeness of my mother about the way I live. She thinks I am to free in my behavior for instance when a boyfriend stays the night. 
sadness#The dying of a close member of the family. 
joy#When I passed a very important exam. 
anger#A friend came to visit me late one night. He promised to stay only a quarter of an hour but he stayed 5 hours! ! He didnt leave and I was very angry. 
sadness#I had to terminate a training because I wasnt suited for it. I was very sad about this because I very much wanted to finish that training. 
joy#I went to visit friends and it was very companionable. 
anger#During military service a superior reproached me unjustly. This led to friction in a lot of situations. 
sadness#Disappointed love. The girl made an end to our relationship while I thought she was in love with me. 
joy#Sitting alone in a quiet room concentrating on things happening around me which pleases me. 
anger#When a teacher tells a story which isnt true. It only reflects his way of interpreting reality. 
sadness#I have high expectations for my future but if I pursue the subject in this manner I will not attain this. 
joy#My sister and brother in law returned from Sri Lanka where they adopted a child. I went to pick them up at the airport. 
anger#I work at a petrol station. When there is a foreigner who wants petrol my collegues treat him very impolite. 
sadness#An uncle of mine who just retired having worked hard all his life got a cerebral hemorrhage. 
joy#When I got my drivers licence. 
anger#The stories about the way my grandmother treated my mother. 
sadness#When my mother was proved to suffer from a very serious disease. 
joy#Every year during carnival I am very joyful I have an intense feeling of happiness then. 
anger#I am usually angry at myself. This happens often. For instace when I want to pet without falling in love and it soon proves that I have fallen in love with him. 
sadness#Losing a boyfriend for the second time to my friend. He fell in love with her. The same thing happened a few months earlier with another boyfriend. 
joy#When I came again in contact with a girl I liked very much. And most important she also liked me. 
anger#After a hard day at the university I also had to make dinner that evening. It failed because of a frying pan which broke. 
sadness#When my father had a cerebral hemorrhage. 
joy#When an old schoolfriend phoned me to arrange an appointment to talk about old memories. I hadnt seen him for 8 years. 
anger#My older brother who gives me unwanted advices about problems in my relationship with my girlfriend. 
sadness#My girlfriend left the house in which we lived together a few months ago. This made me very sad. 
joy#Occurs frequently. A recent experience: when going out with many friends nice music after the examinations I felt so happy I could have embraced everybody. 
anger#Being treated unfairly and being hurt by someone I love. 
sadness#When I finished a relation after four years leading to much sorrow for the other one and myself although it was the best solution. 
joy#I fell over head and ears in love with someone who appeared to be in love with me. it made me so happy that I could hardly sleep and eat for one week. 
anger#I had a quarrel with my father because I was of the opinion that he decided in an authoritarian way which TV program we should watch. I became very angry and started throwing things through the room. 
sadness#My boyfriend finished our relationship when I started studying psychology in Nijegen because then we would not be able to meet frequently anymore. 
joy#I was called and invited to have a talk about a job I wanted to have. 
anger#There was a lot of irritation between me and a person who lives in the same house where I live. Suddenly it became too much for me and I accused him of several things. 
sadness#The end of a relationship after 4 years by doing this I hurt the other person very much. 
joy#When a friend of me came for an unexpected visit. 
anger#When I was at an official meeting I asked a question to a person. His response was not directed at me but at the chairman. 
sadness#When the mother of a good friend of mine died. 
joy#After I saw my family and good friends back after staying one year in a foreign country. 
anger#I was in the library of medical psychology and walked into the wrong direction. A man who came out of a room threated me very denigrating and I became very angry in a resisting manner. 
sadness#A good friend of mine died. During the funeral I felt an intense feeling of sadness. 
joy#When I go out with my friend with enough money and good sense to our favorite dancing. 
anger#A friend started to shout at me. He called me an old frump. 
sadness#My relationship with a boyfriend was finished and I didnt succeed a yearscourse. 
joy#When I made the winning goal during a very important football game. 
anger#Seeing for the first time pictures about the so called treatment of Jewish people in NaziGermany during World War II. 
sadness#The death of my motherinlaw after a long sickbed. at the moment of dying I was with her. 
joy#When it appeared that I was not pregnant when I was several weeks overtime. 
anger#Once again my parents distroyed a relationship. 
sadness#I had this feeling when my parents distroyed a relationship with a boy because they thought he was bad and irresponsible. 
sadness#A sudden end to the relationship with my first girlfriend. 
joy#I felt joy when I heard that I was accepted for the Free University in Driebergen. 
anger#I felt anger when at the end of a telephone call a good friend told me that she would go to travel next year with another good friend. We couldnt talk this out. 
sadness#I was very sad when I had to leave persons with whom I had a very intense relationship I also had to leave the environment which was part of this. 
joy#When my boyfriend and I went out for a dinner and subsequently went to his family. We had a very nice evening. 
anger#When I got the feeling that I had to do all the housekeeping while my boyfriend didnt do anything. This happened in a period of exams when I had to study very hard. 
sadness#When my best friend got a boyfriend. Because of this a relationship of ten years was finished abruptely. 
joy#The day I heard that I passed the high school exam. 
anger#We had to move to a very different city because the company where my father worked also moved to that place. It was very difficult for me to make new friends than. 
sadness#A very close friend of mine died. I read it in the newspaper. I didnt know what to do and thought about it the whole day. 
joy#When Christmas holiday started I felt very joyful when I finished my last exam. 
anger#I was very angry at my father when he didnt give me as much money as my brother to use for studying. Once again my brother was better off then me. 
sadness#When my gradmother died. I felt very sad then. . . The feeling started to be worse after a while. 
joy#My boyfriend was playing with my cat. He was playing games with her and telling nice things to her. 
anger#My boyfriend told me that I had very high demands towards him. In my opinion this was wrong. 
sadness#I hadnt been at my parents place for a long time. When I went to visit them I had high expectations but when I was there it was very different from what I expected. 
joy#During my high school time I succeeded to play a concert of Mozart on the piano when I gave my first performance I succeeded to play it very well. 
anger#When our cat was killed in a caraccident I was very angry at the driver of the car because he didnt take enough care. 
sadness#There is a boy who I love very much. I asked him to have dinner with me but he refused I dont know why he didnt go with me but I felt very lonely. 
joy#When I saw a good friend again after not having seen her for a long time. 
anger#When people without my permission pry in my belongings and take things out of it. 
sadness#When I noticed that my parents were not in such a prosperity as most people in my surroundings. 
joy#When I went to visit a friend in the hospital. She had to undergo an operation for rupture. I was glad to hear that the operation succeeded and that she was relieved of her pain. 
anger#I worked together with another student on a computerassignment. She didnt do her best and didnt prepare herself for it. She expected me to explain it to her. 
sadness#I had a quarrel with a good friend about the fact that I didnt pay her a visit when she expected me to come. Hereafter I was very sad because it became a real quarrel. 
joy#When I got the positive result of my examination to achieve the Bachelor Degree in Plychology. 
anger#My girlfriend one day went out and promised to be back at 6. 00 pm however she first arrived at 10. 00 pm without a message we had to go out that evening. 
sadness#When my girlfriend decided to finish our relation. 
joy#When the girl with whom I am in love smiles at me. 
anger#When a discussion resulted in an insult which in my opinion was not justified. 
sadness#When I realized that it did not make much sense to start a relationship with a girl who was not very constructive to establish a firm relationship. 
joy#On my birthday when several good friends came to visit me. 
anger#My father called me behind my mothers back and told me that my mother disapproved my behavior in the weekend. However he didnt tell me the details and left me with unanswered questions. 
sadness#I felt very lonely was very dissatisfied with myself when I realised that I could feel very jealous of other women because of my boyfriend. 
joy#I felt joyful when my boyfriend met me at the station while at first he had said that he would not do that. 
anger#When someone does not listen to me after having asked me to repeat what I said. This happened more than one time with the same person. 
sadness#I felt very sad when I heard that a friend had committed suicide. 
joy#For a few days I felt very miserable distressed and listless with crying fits. When this was over I felt very happy although there was no special reason. 
anger#Out on a weekend with a group of people everybody felt irritated because at night the music didnt stop in time. And at breakfast my boyfriend ran away because we didnt agree with him. I felt angry. 
sadness#Recently I felt very sad without any reason. It lasted for a few days. There was nothing I liked in that period. 
joy#When my boyfriend and I experience something nice or when we have made a nice walk together. 
anger#Someone told me that he would stay at my home for one night. Therefore I made big efforts to make everything ok food. One day before he cancelled the appointment because he had to go to church with his parents. 
sadness#We had to take our cat to the vet for mercy killing an injection. 
joy#One night I had a very good conversation with two friends. I then realized how worthy they were for me and how happy I was to have them as friends. 
anger#When a very close friend with whom I have a very intimate and bodily relationship he had a girlfriend started to avoid me and didnt want to talk to me any more. 
sadness#When a good friend with whom I had an intimate relationship made clear that he didnt want to continue in the same way. He choose his girlfriend also a friend of mine. 
joy#My boyfriend suffered form ill health for some months this week the physician told him that he was restored to health. 
anger#I made an appointment with a friend to drink coffee togehter. However for the third time in that week she arrived an hour too late. 
sadness#My dear hamster called Hannes died at the age of 2 and 1/2 years. His shape forced me to mercy killing an injection. 
joy#After the funeral of an acquaintance I felt very depressed. That feeling turned into joy when I heard that I had achieved a good grade for an examination. 
anger#When after having cleaned up the kitchen two hours later I saw that there was a big mess. It irritated me very much. 
sadness#One night I was called and told that the father of a close friend died. When I visited my friend at home and when attending the funeral I felt very sad. 
joy#When I found out that the girl with whom I was in love loved me too. 
anger#When being made look a fool by the teacher in front of the class during a turn. 
sadness#My mother unjustly became very angry with me and sent me to my room while my father explained that the way she saw things was not correct. I had done things with the best intentions. 
joy#Once a week I work as a volunteer in a biologic garden. this work in the garden and the contact with other volunteers filled me with joy. They also gave me support after I failed passing my drivers test. 
joy#When someone made me a compliment after an examination just at the moment I needed it. It was amicable hearty and sincere. 
anger#A friend told me it would be better for me not to be on familiar terms with another friend although in my opinion he had no reason to say such things. He only said so hoping that I would search support from him that however was not necessary. 
sadness#I had a good relationship with two friends. Once without reason they clearly showed that they thought I was naive dull and unable to take care for myself while I expostulated that I could manage things. 
joy#A few days ago I hitchhiked to Arnhems with a friend. Everything went well: they picked us up very quickly the sun was shining I was feeling free and for the first time after long time happy. I really had the feeling that I was living at full speed. 
anger#I had made an appointment with three friends. We had to go out together. When I arrived at the place the other persons werent there. I became very angry because I thought they were gone without me. That however didnt appear to be the case. 
sadness#I finished the relationship with my boyfriend after having felt myself very unhappy for a long time. 
joy#A close relative of mine underwent a difficult operation and everything turned out fine. 
anger#A classmate urged me to carry out a particular protest along with him and when the time came this fellow drew back while I had to face the situation. 
sadness#When I failed the entrance exam to IMEC. 
joy#When they told me that I had got a study grant. 
joy#When my father was saved from a severe work accident. 
anger#When I first saw a person begging. 
sadness#When my basket ball team lost the qualification at a final. 
joy#When I got to know that I had passed the university entrance exam. I thought that I had done one of the exams badly. 
anger#We hitch hiked our way back from a town rather drunk. We were dropped in another town which was unknown to us. I needed to urinate so I did it on a wall which turned out to belong to the military headquarters. They arrested me and made me pay a fine of 500 pts. We had to go home on foot 6 km since it was too late for anyone to give us a lift. 
sadness#I was to meet a girl in a discotheque. She was very pretty and I was very happy. But she did not turn up. Thank God there were some other friends there and I was able to have a more or less good time. 
joy#The day some friends of mine and I decided to go to Galicia on holiday. 
anger#At home when they lost three pieces of my puzzle. 
sadness#When I had an argument with a friend. 
joy#A friend of mine told me that I had passed the entrance exam to the university. 
anger#My family told me to leave if I was not willing to accept the conditions they imposed on me. 
sadness#A friend of mine called me when I was not at home. I phoned her back to know what she wanted and she told me that she had dialled the wrong number. 
joy#When my brother was born. 
anger#Once I saw some children hunting a cat to death. 
sadness#The death of a friend. 
joy#When I saw that I had passed the university entrance exam. It made me forget all my problems. 
anger#When I was told that a boy did not want to be my friend without any apparent reason. 
sadness#When I learnt that a boy I liked had been with a girl for three years. 
joy#When I saw my 16 year old sister at home after having waited for her all night not knowing where she was. 
anger#I had an argument with my mother because I criticized the rules she imposes at home which are too rigid and arbitrary for me. 
sadness#When I learned that a friend of mine had not been speaking to her boyfriend for a week after an argument because of unfounded jealousy. 
joy#After several days delay in my girlfriends menstration I was very glad to see that the pregnancy test was negative. 
anger#I felt angry when I saw on T. V the last slaughter of negroes in South Africa. 
sadness#When I saw the pictures of the draught in Etiopia. 
joy#The day the Real Madrid team of basket ball qualified for the final at Athens. 
anger#During a trivial friendly discussion one of the participants made an intervention which made me feel uncomfortable. 
sadness#When I heard the last regulation of the socialist govrenment concerning pensions. 
joy#When I passed an important exam. 
anger#When my father addressed me directly and maliciously thus including me in the family war. 
sadness#When my parents got divorced. 
joy#When I passed an exam which I had failed last year. 
anger#A murder. 
sadness#When I failed two subjects last year. 
joy#When I was told that I could take a week off and go for a trip with my friends. 
anger#During an argument between friends one of them accused me of taking advantage of some other friends who usually come to the university in my car saying that I ask them too much money for the petrol. 
sadness#When I learned that two of my friends had had a serious car accident. 
joy#When I saw that I had passed an exam. It was the last chance and there was a lot at stake. 
anger#My cousins were playing at home and one of them broke a decorative object which was very precious to me. 
sadness#All my friends arranged to go for an afternoon snack and they did not tell me. They told me that they did not have my phone number but I do not think that this was true. 
joy#When I pass exams or when a close friend of mine recovered from an illnessetc. 
anger#During a family discussion on my future and my prospects as a student they accused me of not bothering about looking for a job to assume my financial situation. 
sadness#Depressions. 
joy#When I met a very close friend of mine after one year of separation. 
anger#An argument among several friends because of the irrational behavior of one of them who fell out with us for no reason and said that we were to blame. 
sadness#A classmate died after being two months in coma after a car accident. 
joy#When my sister was born. 
anger#When I failed an exam unfairly. 
sadness#When my grandmother died. 
joy#When my little sister was born. 
anger#When a professor of this faculty laughed at and was suspicious of a composition written by a classmate and me. 
sadness#The death of a relative friend or someone I esteem. 
joy#When I passed an exam. 
anger#When I failed an exam I thought I would pass. 
sadness#When my dog died. 
joy#I had not seen my brother for five years as he was not in Spain. When he arrived at the airport I felt great joy. 
anger#When I saw my brother being attacked and I could not do anything. 
sadness#When a classmate died. 
joy#I got my driving licence after they had frightened me with its difficulty. 
anger#When I saw a man hitting a child of 2 years without any consideration simply because the child had been leaning against a window. 
sadness#A friend of mine who was driving a car ahead of me died in a car accident. 
joy#When I saw that the mark I had obtained in an exam was a good one. 
anger#When I was young I became very angry as I was not allowed to stay up all night for the fair in my town. 
sadness#When summer is over and I have to leave the town where I spend my holidays. 
joy#When I learned after the ecography that my mother was expecting a baby girl. That was what I wanted. 
anger#I had an exam and I had it well prepared. I did the first part very well but did not know the second part. 
sadness#When my parents did not let me go on a study tour. 
joy#An invitation to spend 5 days at the seaside with all expenses paid. 
anger#When males in my family try to assign house duties exclusively with referance to sex. 
sadness#I had a quarrell with my boyfriend and decided to finish with him and and my Easter holidays. 
joy#When I passed the university entrance exam. 
anger#When they threw my holder down on the floor with all my notes for an exam inside it and they got all mixed up. 
sadness#When my mother was operated. 
joy#My father had an operation which lasted for hours. We were all very worried but it was successful. 
anger#An old woman was violently thrown down the stairs of the tube by a group of louts. 
sadness#A child 9 years old died in a stupid way. He fell from a place which was 1 metre high. 
joy#I was studying in the library and a classmate told me that she had obtained a grant to work in the library. 
anger#I learned that a classmate had given a list of peolpe who help each other in exams to the professor. 
sadness#I phoned two friends and was not able to arrange a meeting with either of them so I had to change my plans. 
joy#The begining of my relations with my current girlfriend. 
anger#A typical family argument. 
sadness#The disqualification of two of my mates in the military service. 
joy#When I pass an exam. 
anger#When you kill yourself with work and see the number of slakers wandering around doing nothing. 
sadness#When someone in my family died. 
joy#I thought that I was going to fail a subject and so I began to study for the final exam then my friend told me that I had passed it. That meant that I could go home as I do not study in my hometown. 
anger#I was living in a flat where things did not go very well for me. Finally they threw me out and this prejudiced people I esteem a lot. 
sadness#When I read the diary of the girl with whom I was living it was about another boy with whom she had been going around some time back. 
joy#I met a girlfriend again after not seeing her for several months. I saw her in a discotheque. We do not like discotheques but we went there because we knew we would meet there. 
anger#I was angry when my sister began to talk nonsense and to laugh at the way I swept the room. My anger grew I tried to control myself. After telling her to leave me alone I vented my anger on her as she did not obey me. 
sadness#My mother was working with a knife and we were all laughing heartily. She was not able to control the knife and stuck it deep into her hand. 
joy#A friend of mine suggested that I become a film extra. The idea seemed very funny to me and my reaction seemed rather outlandish to the others. 
anger#When I miss the train and I am late and I have to wait half an hour for the next one. 
sadness#When I knew I had to go out with my mother on some errands. 
joy#When they phoned me from GreatBritain to tell me that I could go there if I wished in Summer. 
anger#In a very important basketball match where a lot was at stake I played very badly. 
sadness#When a friend of mine told me that he was going to commit suicide. 
joy#When I passed my driving test as it was the fifth time that I had taken this test. 
anger#I was given an exam which I thought did not measure at all my ability or my knowledge of the subject. 
sadness#When I saw the film Johnny got his gun which deals with the consequences of the Vietnam war. 
joy#When I passed the university entrance exam. 
anger#When my brother was held up and robbed. 
sadness#When they told me that my grandfather was rather ill. 
joy#I came across a friend with whom I had lost touch for a long time. 
anger#A person I trusted a lot gave me many false explanations to justify a wrong action. 
sadness#I was having breakfast with a classmate and suddenly I began to cry as I thought of a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time. 
joy#At a party on New Years Eve I met on old friend whom I had not seen for some time
anger#When after drinking a glass of water I found a cockroach walking out of the glass. 
sadness#I have a very close friend who lives in another city and we have been writing to each other for a long time. The last time I went to her city just to see her I was disappointed to see how great the distance between us was. 
joy#Every time in the last few days when my girlfriend told me that she loves me. 
anger#We were at school in the room for audiovisual classes. We were watching a film and just behind me two classmates were bothering me with their mocking and shoves. I reacted angrily I suppose by hitting one of them. 
sadness#During a summer holiday a French girl and I had becoe back home I felt very sad. 
joy#A party I went to last Christmas. 
anger#During my last exam. 
sadness#When I had to come back from my village last Christmas. 
joy#When I knew the feelings of a beloved person. 
anger#On the occasion of assignment of tasks and responsibilities in which such an assignment dispropotionately carried with it high responsibility and low ability of organisation and resolution. 
sadness#Moving to an unknown place away from the familiar surroundings and into a situation of loneliness. 
anger#When they broke the artistic work of several weeks. Changes were made and it was broken without permission they had no right to do this. 
sadness#When the train taking me to my military service left the station on the platform remained relatives projects and goodtimes. I had a hard year ahead. 
joy#I was talking to a friend and he said something which was very funny. 
anger#In a confrontation with a person he provoked me several times till I reacted in an angry way. Fortunately there were no disastrous consequences. 
sadness#I was watching a sad film and it affected me deeply. 
joy#When I knew that there were at last no problems in making a journey that I had been wanting to make for a long time. 
anger#When I had an argument with my best friend and I thought that I was right and she was not. 
sadness#When I realized that it was impossible for me to be as free as I had imagined and that I could not do anythong about it. 
joy#When a study tour got confirmed I was happy all the time till the tour began. 
anger#When I knew that they would not give me a transfer from one university to another. I began to insult the educatioon authorities and the government I ended up at the door. 
sadness#We went to visit my mother at the residence. She was crying and said that she was about to die. I believed all her complaints and continously thought of the possibility of loosing her. 
joy#When I received my report card in C. O. U. I was afraid of obtaining low marks but they were much higher than expected. 
anger#My father began to say incoherant things concerning my brothers and my own behaviour towards him. His biased authoritarian and ridiculous point of view made us angry. 
sadness#I had failed some subjects in mathematics. 
joy#When I fell crazily in love with a beautiful girl and she returned my love. 
anger#When I was the target of a great many insults and completely unfair accusations of a large group of people. 
sadness#When my best friend died at the age of 16. 
joy#When I came across an old friend whom I had not seen for a very long time. 
anger#When I was accused of something I had not done. 
sadness#A close friend died. 
joy#I received an unexpected letter from a friend I had met a short time before. He sent me a poem and wished me good luck. I felt very happy because I had great esteem for that person. 
anger#A certain person started to say dreadful things very calmly I felt hurt and disgusted. 
sadness#A certain person whom I respect and esteem a lot pays me no attention. She keeps up appearances but shows almost no interest in me. 
joy#When I received some good news : I obtained an amount of money I needed to buy something I had been planning to buy. 
anger#My parents were having a typical family argument. I came in and saw the scene and became angry. 
sadness#I was going away leaving a dear person behind. 
joy#When I talk to my friends. 
anger#When people harrass me I feel oppressed by their behavior. 
sadness#When I am with a friend and we have to leave each other. 
joy#Any situation in everyday life has this emotional sense in class in the street at home at the table. . . . . . . . . . 
anger#When I learned that several people had died in the street due to the cold weather. 
sadness#When I saw in the newspapers on the T. V and magazines the chaotic situation caused by the drought and hunger in Mauritania. 
joy#One night at a friends place I realized that I had everything I most wished around me. 
anger#When I saw parents punishing their little child for something he had not done. In my opinion even if he had done it he should not have been punished for it. 
sadness#A friend of mine was hurt as he thought that our relationship was not the same as before and something had gone wrong. 
joy#When they told me that I had been admitted to the faculty of medicine. 
sadness#When I decided not to out any longer with a girl whom I liked quite a lot. This made me feel low for a some time. 
joy#When I obtained good marks in a subject I had failed before. 
anger#I was with my family and we found some abandoned puppies. I wanted to help them but everyone said no. We then left. 
sadness#At my grandfathers death. 
joy#When I was told that they had got tickets for me for a film marathon I wanted to see. 
anger#I had applied for a job and they had assured me that the exams would take place a few months later. A week later I went to obtain some more information and they told me that the exams had already taken place. 
sadness#I received a letter from some friends who do not live in Madrid telling me that they would not come on holiday. I had arranged everythiing for them. 
joy#The man I am going around with gave me a very special present. 
anger#My sister came back home and reproached me for not having tidied up the house although I had been working all morning and she had done nothing. 
sadness#At my grandfathers funeral. I remembered that the thing he liked and respected most was earth I thought that he had attained what he wanted and was not separated from it any longer. 
joy#When I saw a friend of mine whom I had not seen for a long time and I had lost his address and telephone number. 
anger#When I saw a car run over a child out of carelessness. 
sadness#I failed a subject despite the fact that I had studied quite a lot for it. 
joy#I was spending the weekend with some friends. We were waiting for another friend and we went to the meet him at the bus stop a woman we met there told us that the coach had already left. I was afraid that I would not see my friend but at last we found him. 
anger#My parents did not let me go on holidays with my friends. 
sadness#I was told that a friend of mine was going to Mexico for good. 
joy#I was on holidays and I was going to meet a friend whom I had not seen for six months. Again I felt very happy. 
anger#I sent a book to a friend of mine. The book meant a lot to me and he lost it. 
sadness#To say goodbye to dear friends after the holidays. 
joy#My sister in law was about to have a child and there were some problems. They had to do a Caesarean. After a while everything was all right. 
anger#I gave some personal information to a friend of mine and he told it to some others who were implicated in the affair. 
sadness#The holidays come to an end and the next day we had to go back to University and to the exams. 
joy#Last course when I passed with good marks three subjects which I had previously failed. 
anger#My mother told me that I could not go to the mountains. Despite my age as long as I am in her house I must do what she says. 
sadness#When my nephew was taken to hospital with meningitis and we did not know what would happen. 
joy#One evening I was with a group of friends having a talk. There was a very trustful and joyful atmosphere. 
anger#One day I arrived home rather tired and found the house. . . . . In addition I was asked many questions which I did not want to answer. 
sadness#I was selected to do a rest for a foreign ballet but I did not have the money to do it. 
joy#It was Saturday my duties were over for a few hours and I could at last be with the people I wanted to see. 
anger#When I got to know about the reaction of a friend of mine in a certain situation. I had not expected him to react that way. 
sadness#I felt alone among a large number of people. I was sad to see that nobody cared about what was happening to me. 
joy#I was going to my village after having been rather oppressed in Madrid. 
anger#My mother read a letter that a friend of mine had written to me telling me how she had got drunk the last time. 
joy#Last Summer I achieved someting that I had been wanting for a long time. 
anger#My parents scolded me a lot for something I had not done. It was my sister who had done it. 
joy#When my brother was born everything went all right. It had been very likely that he would have a deficiency my sister suffers from Downs Syndrome and that my mother would be in danger. 
anger#When an English teacher unfairly made me repeat a semester which I thought I had passed. I had to ask my parents for some more money to carry on studying. 
sadness#The person whom I liked most left me for a friend of mine after several months of mutual help and a profound knowledge of each other. 
joy#When I passed the university entrance exam. I had thus finished with a difficult period of my life and I was about to begin one which I had desired a lot. 
anger#When my father made my mother go through really terrible situations I felt furious impotent nervous upset. . . . . . . . 
sadness#When a person whom I loved and admired a lot died. I felt empty lonely helpless without support not knowing what to do. 
joy#On my birthday when I was given my presents. 
anger#When I found one of my new pullovers wrinkled inside the wardrobe. My brother had done it. 
sadness#When I went to see the result of an exam and saw that I had failed. 
joy#The final marks were to be given in the morning. I wanted to get there late because I was very afraid. When I arrived there everybody was very happy and I had also passed. We had a wonderful time all day long. 
anger#A friend of mine played a joke on another friend over the telephone. This friend crying called me and I got very angry and made the other person apologize. 
sadness#A friend of mine told me that my boyfriend had been with another girl this Summer. We had been going out together for four years and we had not done so for the last three months. I could not believe it. 
joy#On holiday seeing the lanscape in Gerona. 
anger#They wanted me to pay for a ticket twice because they said that the one I had was out of date. 
sadness#When I came back from my holidays. 
joy#When some friends of mine asked me to go camping with them for a fortnight. 
anger#When my aunt told me angrily that I was a goodfornothing and she was fed up with my behaviour. 
sadness#When my parents and sister went on a trip and I was separated from them for about three months. 
joy#I phoned a friend of mine to ask her for news about the marks in an exam. She told me that I had passed. 
anger#My mother and I had an argument over buying some clothes for me. She did not accept the fact that I did not like the same things as her and we ended up shouting at each other. 
sadness#One day I was home and there was a phone call informing me that some of my relatives had died in an accident. 
joy#I was told that I had passed the statistics exam. I had not expected this so I was very happy. 
anger#I get angry with my brothers and sisters when they do something that I do not like. They know this and still do it so as to tease me. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#When I spoke to my daughter and wished her luck for the examinations she was about to take. 
anger#One day in a clinic the father of a child came in and assaulted a colleague for something that she had not done deliberately. 
sadness#When I was told that my uncle had passed away. 
joy#When a cousin of mine was discharged from the hospital after a long illness. I had thought that this illness would never end. 
anger#A certain friend tried to push me off a seat in a very violent way for no apparent reason. It may be that he was excited about something. 
sadness#When the neighbour of a friend of mine was stabbed to death by thieves in Kabwe. They stole his van. 
joy#After going through much shame I became a Christian and something new happened in my heart. Joy that overflows was manifest in me. 
anger#When a person the same age as me insisted that I call him Mister. I refused to succumb but he persisted and I got angry as he had belittled me. 
sadness#When I lost my father on the 25th of September1970. He died of a sore on the leg. 
joy#When I first passed a job interview. 
anger#When I was accused of having refused to do some hostel work while I was at school. Actually I had not been allocated any work. 
sadness#A friend of mine could not make it back to Unza after having failed the exams. 
joy#When I heard that I had made it to the second year at UNZA. 
anger#When a friend tried to back bite me on false grounds. This made me wonder if he was a really a good friend. 
sadness#When my girlfriends nephew passed away. 
joy#When I hooked a girl in Kitwe. She was very beautiful for my standards a rare bird of this kind accepted me as a boyfriend. 
anger#When I was victimized for running away with a girl who was somebody elses wife and niece at the same time. I was very angry over this issue because I was told to pay him money after having been punished for it. 
sadness#1976 Soweto uprising in South Africa and the racist Gouts reaction to the students demands concerning the educational system. 
joy#When I was accepted for further education here at the university. 
anger#When I was accused by my brother of having stolen a 5 kwatcha note from my mothers bag. I was beaten up for this the money was found later. 
sadness#When I received a message that my brother was seriously ill and was in hospital. 
joy#When I got first division in the exams before leaving school. 
anger#When I was in form 3 my aunts lied to my daddy telling him that I had told them that I was pregnant. My daddy told my mother and she asked me if it was true. I was very angry with my aunts. 
sadness#When I received a letter telling me that my mother was very ill. 
joy#When I had my four children. 
anger#When I got a low grade in an administration course. 
sadness#When I got divorced from my husband after ten years of marriage. 
joy#This happened when I went to check my first year results I had thought that I would fail and I found that I had a clear pass in all my courses. 
anger#When a friend of mine was trying to make a fool out of me. 
sadness#I experienced this emotion when my friend committed suicide after we had spent the afternoon playing and discussing life and its problems. 
joy#When I was told that I had passed the exams. 
anger#When my sister broke my china tea set. 
sadness#I felt very sad when my son died after a short illness. 
joy#When I learnt that I was selected for form I. 
anger#When I heard that my girlfriend was talking behind my back and looking down on me. 
sadness#When a friend who has been with me at school failed to make it to UNZA. 
joy#When I passed the grade 7 exam. 
anger#When a cousin of mine took my bottle of T. B tablets put water in it and threw it in the dustbin. 
sadness#This happened when one of my uncles died just whan I was planning to go and visit him during the next holidays. 
joy#The time I qualified to enter secondary school. 
anger#When I was mistakenly accused of being a thief when I accidently gave a fake coin at a counter. I realized this before I handed over the coin but the man called me a thief and called a witness. 
sadness#The day I woke up to find that a kitten I had wanted to keep had been eaten by the neighbours dogs. It had been locked out by my wife who claimed that it had dirtied the sheets. 
joy#I felt joy when I came to know Christ. That is when I became a Christian. 
anger#When my brother did not send me the transport money to resume my studies in time at UNZA. 
sadness#When I heard that my nephew had passed away. 
joy#When my uncle gave me my first years results. I opened the envelope and my eyes ran into two B+ in EC110 and M160 this meant that I had qualified for a major in economics. 
anger#I peeped into Maurines bedroom and saw two people Maurine anbd my stepdad. I thought Why did she break her promises? Why had she invited me? Why do old men go for young girls? 
sadness#When I missed the chance of becoming a graduate in mining engineering after having prayed one week in the church I was not even selected. 
joy#This was when the girl I was in love with accepted my proposal and everything went smoothly just as I had wanted it to. It was contrary to my previous feelings of uncertainty about her response. 
anger#This was when I found out that a cousin of mine had taken away my trousers without my consent. 
sadness#When I failed a test at my primary school. I was then in grade 7 and we were about to take the main exam. 
joy#I was in grade 7. We had an interhouse volleyball competition. In Luapula I was the youngest member of the team and I scored the winning goal using my head. I jumped up with joy and fell down. 
anger#The comrade staying next doors insulted me for what he called the misuse of his iron. He called me stupid self centered etc. I wanted to punch him but instead went for a walk to the mining school to cool off. 
sadness#A close relative was at odds with a very powerful firm. All his things had been taken His dad had died a little before this event. He gathhered his children and vowed to give them a good life with a new start the words were hollow he bit back his tears. . . . . I asked to be excused and then went and cried in the loo. 
joy#I was at school whhen I received a letter from the dean of my school congratulating me for my performance at the previous years exam. 
anger#When I travelled all the way to my former school to collect my certificate only to be told that I owed them some money I knew nothing about this. 
sadness#My sister was in a hospital later in the evening we received the information that she had died. 
joy#My being admitted to UNZA. 
anger#I entrusted a friend with the delivery of some money to my father however he misused the money. 
sadness#The loss of my mother. 
joy#My first kiss. 
anger#My trousers zipper was open when I was at a public wedding. 
sadness#When a friend left me and went back home for good. 
joy#When I passed my form three exams. 
anger#When I discovered that the people I trusted most were talking behind my back. 
sadness#When I heard about the death of my aunt. 
joy#As the time to get the results drew near I became more and more anxious. My friend called me and said You have passed. My heart was full of joy. 
anger# I have been hearing rumours that you have not been allowing people in your room he said. This sentence really shot my heart. I failed to find the right words instead I walked away without uttering a word. 
sadness#One Saturday morning I had got ready to go out swimming with my friends. Unfortunately the weather did not permit it so we stayed indoors. 
joy#When I heard that a close relative of mine had given birth at a very young age in a very remote area and had had very few problems. 
anger#When someone chased me from his house. 
sadness#When I realized that I did not have the basic things needed by a student like me. 
joy#My girlfriend wrote to me telling me that she was four months pregnant and that I was responsible for the damages. This made me happy as I longed to have a child to call mine. 
anger#I went to the dining hall and found that the cooks were cleaning the plates and there was no food for me and the blue birds security guards were busy eating the food that was supposed to be for me. 
sadness#That afternoon I received two messages informing me one that my brother was in a coma in the U. T. H suffering kidney disease and two that my uncle met with an accident on his way to the hospital to see my brother. 
joy#When a girl I wanted very much said yes and fell in love with me. 
anger#When somebody stole my brothers disco machine. 
sadness#When my uncle died. 
joy#I was very happy when I discovered that I had passed my first year examination and was among the thirty students who would major in economics. 
anger#I was annoyed this particular day as it seemad that the odds were not in my favour. My grandfather added fuel to the fire when I had an important appointment so I unleashed my anger on him. 
sadness#It was the time I went home for my holidays only to find that my sister had passed away. The news had been hidden from me so that I could take my exams. 
joy#When I was accepted at UNZA. 
anger#When a friend told me that my education had nothing to do with our discussion. This friend has failed the 7th grade what made me angry was that I had not used my education to argue. 
sadness#When my beloved grandfather died. 
joy#I experienced joy when I got the results I had made it to the second year. 
anger#This happened recently I was in the dining hall and one of my friends with whom I was eating called me a fool. 
sadness#I experienced this when my maternal grandmother passed away. She was the last of my grand parents to pass away. 
joy#When my first child was born. 
anger#When my daughter began staying away from classes at the age of nine only. 
sadness#When my wife died in hospital she was pregnant and had undergone an operation. 
joy#I received a letter of acceptance from UNZA. 
anger#I reachad home to find that my baby had not been bathed and fed. 
sadness#I saw a dead child which was not covered it had been knocked down by a car. 
joy#When I was appointed by the Ministry of health to join the teaching staff of one of the medical colleges. 
anger#When the dean of UNZA asked me to vacate a big flat I was occupying and take up a smaller one as I was becoming a full time student at UNZA. 
sadness#When my close friend was involved in an accident and passed away instantly. He had gone to buy a new car and had asked me to wait at his home so that I could see his new car. 
joy#When I received my promotion letter. 
anger#I was annoyed when a person higher up asked me why a particular job was not done it was not my job to do it. 
sadness#My brother came to tell me about some problems we had in the family. I felt sad because I thought that if my mother had not gone away when this brother was younger things would have been different. 
joy#When I was accepted for my third year G10 at my former secondary school. 
anger#When I was mistreated by my stepmother. 
sadness#When my aunt passed away in early 1982. 
joy#When I heard that someone who is very close to me did very well in the exams despite having fooled around a lot. 
anger#When a friend and me played a joke on our boyfriends. Her boyfriend came up and accused me of having planned the whole thing and said that I did not deserve my boyfriend. He embarassed me in front of a crowd. 
sadness#When my family and I heard of the death of my grandfather. We had seen him a few weeks earlier and it seemed that he had just been waiting to see us. 
joy#After a long time of no communication with him physical illness and worry my lover came to see me when I least expected to see him. 
anger#The juniors in our dormitory at school started to complain and make a lot of noise about the duties assigned to them by the prefect who was my classmate and was very cool and dull. 
sadness#My elder sister scolded me in front of my younger sisters and cousins. She said that I was very lazy and I felt so sad that I cried myself to sleep. 
joy#My son was registered to get admission in grade one of the primary school. The chances of him getting a place there was 1/10. Two weeks later I was informed that he had been enrolled. 
anger#My roommate locked up our room without specifying where I would find the keys. I had to spend several hours in my other friends room. 
sadness#I lost my grandfather whom I loved very much. I had not known that he had been ill for a very time when I received this message he was already dead. 
joy#When my father bought me a suit. 
anger#I was badly beaten up by one of my friends during a wedding party. 
sadness#I was very sad at hearing that my grandfather had passed away. 
joy#When I heard that I had achieved a place in form I. 
anger#I had gone home for a weekend and when I came back I found that my clothes and my bedding had been stolen. 
sadness#When my father passed away. 
joy#When I saw my family after a separation of one year. 
anger#When I found out that my sister had been playing with my confidential things which she had taken from my handbag. 
sadness#When one of my best friends commited siucide during these holidays. 
joy#When I fell in love with X. Overnight I felt confidence selfesteem responsible and worthwhile. 
anger#When my roommate locked me out deliberately before an exam due at 1400 hours. 
sadness#When my friends died one after the other. The first died in a car accident and the second one recently due to an illness. 
joy#The day I got a telegram telling me that I had been selected for a B. A at UNZA. I felt happy because I had not expected to be selected. 
anger#When my friends tried to discriminate against my friendship with certain other friends which they thought was improper. 
sadness#The day my teacher of Latin and French died. 
joy#I was very happy when I received the year end results as I was worried about how well I had done. I was very happy to know that I had passed. 
anger#I told my friend something confidential which was supposed to remain between the two of us. The next thing that happened was that a girl who is not even close to us came laughing and askad me to tell her about it. I was very angry with my friend as I had trusted her. 
sadness#I remember that when my mother died the day was sad and every time I think of it I am saddened by the loss of my mother. 
joy#When I received a positive answer from my appeal to withdraw my registration at UNZA. 
anger#I was asked to stop studying economics a field which interested me by my employers. 
sadness#When I learnt of the death of a friend. 
joy#When I first came to the campus. 
anger#When an argument with a friend of mine over our behaviour towards another friend turned into a quarrel. I lost my temper and nearly knocked him out. 
sadness#When I lost my father in a car accident. 
joy#When I got my results I had passed the form III exams. I had not expected to do so well. 
anger#When my father did not get back from Chipata on time he was thus holding back progress as everything depended on him. I felt angry over his actions. 
sadness#When my little brother passed away mysteriously at least from what I was told about it. 
joy#When I was accepted at UNZA. 
anger#When my aunt scolded me for something I was not responsible for. A boy had come to our gate asking for me my aunt went out to see him. I had neither met nor known the boy. 
sadness#When my cousin passed away unexpectedly and tragically a murder. 
joy#Receiving my result slip pass on my birthday. 
anger#At boarding school someone put a lot of tiny thorns on my bed. When I complained everybody began teasing me and laughing at my inability to find out my enemies. I lost my temper. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#I felt vvery happy when I was accepted at UNZA for my studies. I had not expected this as I had been ill during the exams. 
anger#A teacher at my former secondary school forced my darling to marry him. The girl tried to refuse but her parents would not leave her alone. 
sadness#When my sister died she was only sixteen when she was put to rest. 
joy#When I won some coins in a small competion. 
anger#My little niece who is very talkative suddenly became very naughty and began wetting her pants. She did it one afternoon. 
sadness#This morning during my sleep I had a feeling that someboby was attacking me. I started crying in my sleep and then my roommate woke me up. 
joy#When I was selected for the university. 
anger#When my dress and a few other things were stolen from my wardrobe. 
sadness#When my grandmother passed away. 
joy#When I got myself the kind of girlfriend I had been hunting for a long time. 
anger#When I saw my younger sister being bothered by a boy she did not know. 
sadness#The time I lost a badminton match that I should have won at the Zambia closed badminton championships. 
joy#When I was selected for higher education i. e grade 7 to formI. 
anger#When the university withdrew the accomodation that it had given me. 
sadness#When my mother and father separated it was a brief separation and they are together now. 
joy#When I received a letter from a woman I thought had not ever cared for me. This was when I needed her and I was overjoyed to learn that it was me who was delaying things. 
anger#When I could not reason my friend it angered me. 
sadness#I did not like it when a little girl was crying for her dead mother and was calling her by her name. I was sad. 
joy#Our only elder sister got married and started having pains in her abdomen and she was told that she could not have children. To our suprise she had a baby 2 months back. 
anger#I had planned to go to town with my friend at 1500 hours but she went for the registration and I waited for a good 1 and a 1/2 hours. It was vital for me to go to town but I could not as it was she who had the money. Finally I borrowed some money from friends and we went to town. I was really angry with my friend. 
sadness#I dreamt of my fathers death while I was at secondary school. I was screaming at the top of my voice and was woken up by my friend. That day I was really sad. 
joy#I was very happy when my scholarship to continue studying at UNZA was approved after it had been cancelled. 
anger#When someone took my pen away. 
sadness#When my cousin passed away during the holidays at home. He fell ill at night and the next day he died in the evening. 
joy#When I was with someone I love. 
anger#Being made to look like a fool by a girl. 
sadness#When my dad passed away. 
joy#At my sisters wedding. 
anger#When I was locked out of my room by my roommates friend. 
sadness#When I failed one of my courses at school the university of Zambia. 
joy#When the lady who is now my wife accepted my proposal to be my lover and future wife. 
anger#When a thief broke into my house and stole some valuable goods. 
sadness#The death of my guardian with whom I had stayed when I did my grade six. 
joy#I felt happy when my mother gave birth to a son who is the last born in the family. 
anger#I felt very angry when a mishanga seller robbed me of the transport money I had to go to school. 
sadness#I felt very sad when a friend of mine failed the final exam and she could not be accepted at the institution of learning. 
joy#When I was selected to study here at UNZA. 
anger#When my wife told me that the refrigerator had stopped working. 
sadness#When I heard of the death of my mother. 
joy#I was overwhelmed with joy when I received the acceptance letter to UNZA. This happened again when I passed all my first year courses. 
anger#In 1982 I was annoyed at an uncle who was drunk and was beating up his old father. He claimed that the father was responsible for his guardians failure. 
sadness#Last academic year I received bad news my granduncle had passed away. I felt lonely and bad because apart from the biological ties he was a good old friend of mine at home. 
joy#When I qualified for form I. I was one of the three pupils who qualified for form I that year. 
anger#When I got home I found that the electrical supply had been disconnected despite my having paid ZESCO the full bill a few days earlier. 
sadness#When I lost my grandmother. She had been my guardian after the death of my father. 
joy#When my wife gave birth to a baby boy my only son to date. 
anger#When my colleague spat on my face after a quarrel. 
sadness#When my elder brother died. 
joy#When my brother gave me a watch. 
anger#When I was insulted by a fellow student. 
sadness#When the girl I loved turned me down. 
joy#When I passed the first year and so I could come back for my second year. 
anger#One day I had an appointment with my boyfriend which I had objected to in the begining however he visited me and convinced me to come. The day of the appointment I had to wait for him for over an hour. 
sadness#When my grandmother passed away. We had been waiting for it as she had been sick for years but when it happened I found it hard to accept. 
joy#I was very happy when I found out that I had passed with flying colours and that I had made it to the university. 
anger#One of my colleagues accused me of having stolen his iron and I was sure that I had done no such thing. 
sadness#The passing away of my mum. 
joy#The first time I really fell in love with a girl. 
anger#When my kid brother broke my reading spectacles. 
sadness#When my mums brother passed away after having been involved in a car accident. He was bringing me a present as I had passed my form five exams with flying colours. 
joy#When my sisters first child came home after one week in intensive care at the hospital. 
anger#A very close friend of mine was refused entrance to the medical school. Her grades were very good and she should not have been left out. Biased judgment! 
sadness#My sister lost one of her twin sons my first nephews and then the older one died a week later. 
joy#When I met my mother after not having seen her for three years. 
anger#When a boy who was drunk came into my room and misbehaved in the presence of my boyfriend. 
sadness#My father resigned from work and soon after this his elder brother died. The next day my granny died my mothers mother. My dad remains the only living member of his family. 
joy#For my parents anniversary we hosted a party and we were very happy. 
anger#Some people were sitting outside and saying things which were not really true. 
sadness#A breakup with someone I really liked. 
joy#When I accepted Jesus Christ as my personal saviour. 
anger#When my sister came home late one day and thus disobeyed my parents. 
sadness#When I heard the news of my grandfathers sudden death. 
joy#When I attended my cousins 31st birthday. 
anger#When I was subjected to a very nasty joke by a group of friends. 
sadness#When I received my results and found out that I could not go to a school of my choice. 
joy#When I got my results I had made it to the second year. 
anger#When I discovered that my girlfriend was going around with another boy. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#When my girl told me that she loved me more than any male creature on earth and that I would be the only one in her heart for all her life. 
anger#When a kid dropped my fathers radio cassette player which he had just repaired. 
sadness#When someone I love told me that she did not love me anymore and that she wanted all the snaps that she had given me in exchange for the ones I had given her. 
joy#When I learnt that I had been accepted at UNZA. 
anger#When I was beaten up by thieves on behalf of some friends of mine as they thought that I had a lot of money and would not part with a few coins for their drinks. 
sadness#When I received the news that my inlaws had passed away. I depended heavily on them for their guidance and the running of their daughters buisness. 
joy#When I received the acceptance letter from UNZA. I had just come home from work when my kind sister handed me an enveloppe which I opened and was overcome with joy. 
anger#A certain boy came into my room and started telling me that I was not pretty that I had no manners and that I should learn some. I had just come to campus and he was in fourth year. 
sadness#My elder sister whom I love very much was leaving for the West Indies for two years and I was staying behind. 
joy#When I was selected to this university despite my having studyied in difficulty throughout my secondary school days. 
joy#I felt happy when I learnt that I had qualified for the grade eight. 
anger#When I met my new girlfriend with another man in the street. 
sadness#When I learnt that my brotherinlaw had been poisoned by his friends and that he was dead. 
joy#My son passed grade 7 and was accepted for form I. 
anger#I wrote an assignment and was given less marks than a friend with whom I had previously discussed the assignment. 
sadness#When I got a message that my child was not feeling well. 
joy#When I received the acceptance form for the second year at university. 
anger#I got into an argument with a photographer for whom I had to pose twelve times over a period of four weeks before I could get a snap of mine. Every time the film was processed my snap did not come out although the others did. 
sadness#I was sad at the expulsion of some of my comrades during the UNZA demonstrations. 
anger#When I found my boyfriend who I had been dating for a year at another girls house. We had had previous conflicts concerning the girl but he had always claimed they were just friends. 
sadness#I was asked to resign my sorority which I did because I was ashamed. 
joy#Our basketball team is undefeated in league play 40 currently. 
anger#I saw in a movie a block on which affluence and poverty existed. I saw that the rich made no attempts to help the poor. 
sadness#When I felt powerless to help the poor or when I dont know how to. 
joy#I received a grade above average on a midterm chemistry and I expected onevery below average. 
anger#Someone signed up for a workshift at the coop where I live and she did not want to work the switchboard. I became very angry. She had mentioned earlier that she wanted and needed the workshift to me so I did not sign up. 
sadness#I did not do as well as I expected on a chemistry exam. I received a score below the average and I thought I had done very well. 
joy#Right before I went to a concert with my last boyfriend he told me that although he told me he was going to take me to the concert he didnt want to see me anymore. After that we stayed overnight and I said well when he leaves me I will be ruined for awhile but for now were together. I woke up in his arms and it was the happiest moment of my life. 
anger#One of my first boyfriends got mad at me because a lot of my close friends were guys and he didnt want me to see them anymore because he was jealous. 
sadness#I was watching a sunset after my latest boyfriend left me and I realized that we would never watch sunsets again probaly never see eachother again and none of it mattered. 
joy#I felt extreme joy the day I was baptized. I was one with God. 
anger#I experienced anger most recently when I had committed a sin which I had gone a week and a half without doing. I had made a vow to God and had blown it. Now I had to start all over. 
sadness#I last really felt sad when I left home for I was leaving all my long time prekindergarten relationships behind. 
joy#Finally being asked by someone to a banquet. 
anger#A few weeks back as I was in a hurry to leave the house I left some of my things lying around. This is something I never do. My unclewho lives with us as we live in a joint family remarked that we were always doing things like this. This really got me mad. 
sadness#When I took the B. A examsI was expecting a 1st class even though I had not done very well. When the results came out I felt sad as I had missed the 1st class by 12 marks. 
joy#When I passed the B. A exams and my parents allowed me to carry on my studies and do a M. A. I was very happy. 
anger#When I get home late my father scolds me and this makes me angry. 
sadness#When my aunt died. 
joy#When I passed the B. A exams with 1st class. I was the first in the family to have got a 1st class so all the family members were very happy and they gave me the opportunity to study further. 
anger#When my brother got very low marks in the exams I was very angry. I put my studies aside to help him as every time my brother does badly at school my family members blame me as well. 
sadness#When family mmembers or friends blame me for something I am not responsible for. I feel very sad as it was not my fault. 
joy#When last year in college I received the award Best Student of the Year I felt very happy as I got what I had wanted and my wish had been fulfilled. 
anger#It irritates me when people talk about me behind my back. I prefer people to tell me what they have to on my face instead of talking behind my back. 
sadness#When friends and colleagues talk bad about me. 
joy#In 1980 when I was in the 12th standard we had arranged a small picnic in Kandala. One of my closest friends wrote a small and cute poem for me which expressed the feeling of closeness we had for each other. I was very thrilled and I can still remember it. 
anger#One night we all the family members were sitting in the front corridor of the house when a gentleman looking person came in. He was my fathers client and he had come to bribe my father in connection with the proceeding case. At my fathers refusal he abused my father my brother and I could not control our temper and we rushed at him. 
sadness#Once my friend and I got into into a hot discussion on a very controversial topic. At one point of the argument I disagreed with her totally and I took what she was saying as an insult. So I couterargued and unknowingly hurt her emotionally I felt very sad about this. 
joy#I met my friend and he gave me a wonderful present as it was my birthday. I enjoyed having that present. 
anger#When a person whom I had invited did not come on the appointed day and time. 
sadness#I tried my level best to care for my client I took an appointment with a doctor and before meeting the doctor he expired a poor small boy from Uttar Pradesh. 
joy#When I got the scholarship letter from Australia. 
anger#When I do not get any cooperation from my friends/partners. 
sadness#When my brothers visa for the U. S. A got cancelled. 
joy#When my elder sister had a baby girl. She was the first girl in the family after 19 years of baby boys. 
anger#When my roommate locked up the keys of my room in our room after I had told her that I was only in the bathroom having a shower. She left and I had to do without supper. 
sadness#When I received the news that my beloved grandmother had died. I was at the boarding school and was only 13 years old. 
joy#I was very happy when I passed and went to form I. It was a great relief for me as I had been very worried considering the large number of pupils who fail. 
anger#When someone I trusted very much disappointed me. 
sadness#When a close friend of mine who was with me in first year could not make it to the second year. 
joy#After waiting impatiently for the results of the form 5 examinations for almost a year at last I received a letter of acceptance from the Senate of the university of Zambia telling me that I had made it to the first year course at UNZA. 
anger#A few monthe ago when my brothers wife told me that I had bad manners. To make matters worse she did not let me use their telephone as she only allowed people of her own tribe. 
sadness#When I got to know that my father had passed away. 
joy#When I received the first year results as the first year had involved a lot of work and I was very pleased when I got the results. 
anger#When a boy who was drunk insulted me in front of a crowd. I was stopped from punching him for it. 
sadness#When I heard the news that my brother had passed away. It was the first time that I lost a brother. 
joy#The computer at school had left out my name along with four others and I had no rights for one year. So I was happy to find my name on the medical schhol list. 
anger#I had gone on a vacation and my mother left home without leaving me any thing money to come back to school. 
sadness#I remember being sad whe my aunts child died 2 days old. 
joy#I had been very weary all week no letters no phonecalls no visitors and then my younger sister came with some cheese a card and some pocket money for me and she told me that she was working now. 
anger#I had worked very hard during my vacations to raise some money for a few major items e. g a radio. but when I arrived at the intercity bus terminal my hard earned money had been stolen from me. 
sadness#My younger brother and sister were involved in an accident on their way back from school and my brother was quite badly hurt. 
joy#When my girl and I decided to get back together after our separation. 
anger#When my girlfriend left me to go out with another guy even though she knew that she was wrong. 
sadness#When my girl went away for a holiday without saying goodbye to me. 
joy#When I passed successive exams to enter the school of medicine. 
anger#When my father banned me from going to his sisters home due to some misunderstanding between the two. 
sadness#When my girlfriend was afraid and anxious the day before taking her exam. 
joy#When my elder brother who had gone abroad to study for six years came back home safe and in good health. 
anger#I was in love with a very beautiful girl and when I went back for my holidays I found her wth another guy who she said was just a friend. Later I found them together and was convinced that there was something fishy. 
sadness#When I went to see the dead body of my uncle. This was a very dramatic expreience as it was the first time that I entered a mortuary. 
joy#When I heard that I had got the best result in school and would be definately selected to the university of Zambia. 
anger#When I learnt that my younger sister had been expelled from secondary school because she was pregnant. That was the second time that this happened in the family the first time it had been my elder sister. 
sadness#When I realized that I was in hospital after a car accident and that I had a scleral tear in my left eye. 
joy#When I was accepted into the medical school. Medicine is a profession that I have desired ever since my childhood. 
anger#When I was accused of having planned my friends outing at secondary school boarding as we were not allowed to go out. 
sadness#When I realized the burden it was for my mother to look after all of us all by herself. 
joy#When I heard that I had been selected fot the first year at the university of Zambia. This was after my form five at Chikola secondary school. 
anger#When my brotherinlaws brother stole my clothes when my brotherinlaw and I had gone to cut wood for the fire. 
sadness#When I heard that my father had been involved in a car accident in Lusaka. This happened when he had gone to get the car which had been stolen in Lusaka. 
joy#When I won the best prize in the National science fair. 
anger#Being hooted at when I was learning to drive. 
sadness#When my grandmother died having to see my mother weep. 
joy#When I heard the examination results and when I recovered after having been sick for a week. 
anger#When someone took my things without having asked for my permission. 
sadness#When my father passed away. 
joy#When I learnt that I had been accepted at the medical school. 
anger#When my roommate was making noise deliberately by playing a flute early in the morning while I was trying to study. 
sadness#When my grandmother passed away. 
joy#When I was selected to the university of Zambia. 
anger#When a few girls were talking rubbish about me. 
sadness#When my beloved uncle was shot dead by relatives. 
joy#When I was offered a place in the university as a full time student. 
anger#When our government decided to withdraw student allowances as it was one of the conditions imposed by the IMF. 
sadness#When my father was imprisoned for burning the house of his younger brother. 
joy#When I heard that I had passed the second year exams. 
anger#When I heard that an acquaintance of mine was spreading rumours about my affair with a close friend. 
sadness#When a close friend of mine collapsed and passed away and the illness was not known. 
joy#When I qualified for form I. 
anger#When the paramilitary was sent to the UNZA and it started using tear gas and started intimidating the students without any provocation. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#When the Cambridge results came out and I obtained a first division. I had been thinking that I had not done very well. 
anger#In form three we were taking our mock exams and someone else a friend was making noise when the examinateur picked on me and said that he would tear up my answer sheet. I got very angry with the girls involved. 
sadness#When my brother 5th in the family passed away. 
joy#When I passed and qualified for the university. 
anger#When my father failed to send me transport money after the closure of the school. 
sadness#When my parents separated temporarily and I was left behind with my father. As I loved my mother I wanted to go with her. 
joy#A few weeks back I received a Christmas card from a friend in England. She had not written to me in a very long time but it showed that she still remembered me. 
anger#I once failed a test miserably and my friend did very well and someone made a nasty comment while comparing me to my friend. 
sadness#A friend of mine got pregnant anf failed the first year at university. The boyfriend refused his responsibility and they ended up in court. 
joy#When I heard that I had been selected for the university. 
anger#The governments announcement of the withdrawal of the student allowances in 1984. 
sadness#When I first suffered from syphilis. 
joy#When I was with the girl I love very much for the graduatiion ball. 
anger#I was really angry when the President general of UNZASU was arrested by policemen. 
sadness#When one of my closest friends failed to make it to the third year of university. 
joy#When my parents complimented me very nicely on something. 
anger#When some difference of opinion occurs in a silly situation. 
sadness#I wanted something in particular and did not get it also there was no possibility of getting it. 
joy#When I got engaged to a boy of my choice. 
anger#When my mother scolded me for coming home late i. e after 7 P. M. 
sadness#When my grandfather died. 
joy#When I passed my B. A exams. 
anger#When my boyfriend told me that it would be difficult for him to marry me. 
sadness#When I left my parttime job. 
joy#Being chosen to do this experiment. 
anger#Someone borrowed my textbook and deliberately did not return it. 
sadness#I like someone who does not like me and was rude to me. 
joy#Doing well in the examn. 
anger#Bad food in the students dining hall. 
sadness#Could not get into the university I wanted to get in. 
joy#Getting into this university to do medicine. 
anger#Someone messing up the room we share. 
sadness#My best friend could not get into university. 
joy#Reading a nice book and talking about it to my friend. 
anger#Insulted by the class leader. 
sadness#Saying goodbye to a friend. 
joy#Going to a concert. 
anger#Tripped on a busy street. 
sadness#A child beaten up by his mother. 
joy#Good dinner on the National Day. 
anger#Seeing this badly made questionnaire. 
sadness#You ignored the fact that we could not hear you at the back. 
joy#Watching the Asian Olympic game China winning. 
anger#People having a football match outside the window during the lecture. 
sadness#China can not even give you good sound systems for an open lecture. 
joy#Got a big fish in fishing. 
anger#A father helping his kid to fight other kids. 
sadness#A father of 4 children killed in an accident. 
joy#When my boyfriend and I made up. 
anger#My mother and my sister carried on picking at me all day long for no reason at all and I ended up getting angry. 
sadness#When my boyfriend almost had a relationship with a close friend of mine. 
joy#At church camp when I accepted Christ into my life and so did my friend. 
joy#During the summer I received grade cards from my TAs. I expected a B no better in Computer Science. I looked at the card I got an A I was ecstatic. 
anger#A friend of mine came to visit and stayed with my roommate and me. My roommate and she became good friends. After she left he didnt talk too highly of her. 
sadness#After receiving the grade on the paper mentioned in FEAR. 
joy#When seeing a friend that I had not seen in a long while. 
anger#I felt anger at my roommate due to his habit of leaving dirty dishes in the sink and generally not cleaning after himself. 
sadness#When my grandmother after staying with us for awhile went back home. 
joy#Achieving my goal at a swim meet. I worked toward the goal for 9 yrs. I was capable of achieving it but I didnt know when. 
anger#Going to Cowell Hospital and finding out tediously that I had a stress fracture. The anger came when the senile doctors found out 4 weeks later that I had 2 stress fractures in one foot and should have had crutches. I was in distinct pain and barely could walk to classes. They said it would be better in 2 weeks. 
sadness#Losing my job that I had for 4 summers. I took it personally and cried for 6 hours off and on. I wanted to hide away and did for a few days. 
joy#It was the weekend of my homecoming. I saw my sister for the first time in 3 months. Shes my best friend and extremely close. 
anger#When I found out my cousin had been killed. I was angry at the world and her murderer who was her exboyfriend. It was the worst and most hateful day of my life. 
sadness#I spent a weekend in San Diego visiting my boyfriend Rob. We were at the airport and my plane was just about so leave. After saying goodbye I boarded the plane. It was the hardest thing to do and it was a sad trip home. 
joy#I got an A in anatomy the first one I have ever gotten in a science class here. 
anger#I caught a peeping tom at my window when I was getting undressed. 
sadness#Saying goodbye at the airport to my boyfriend who has to go to school back East. We are very close and have been together 4 years. 
joy#Went to a movie with a date walked on the beach in Alameda spent some time afterwards in her apt. 
anger#I am currently taking CS 50P. I had to finish a couple of assignments but I was hindered because I could not get a passing score on my program. 
sadness#The girl I was seeing didnt want to have a serious relationship. 
joy#I asked someone to go out and she accepted right away. 
anger#During a dance someone slashed my tires and dumped paint on my car. I had four other friends with me that I drove and furthermore it was raining. 
sadness#When I was trying for a girl who I really liked and cared for and thought she felt the same way too. But she didnt like the idea and just wanted to stay friends. 
joy#Finished a difficult midterm. 
anger#I was called racial slurs behind my back. 
sadness#My grandmother died during Christmas break several years ago. 
joy#Did very very well on a Physics midterm. 
anger#A friend doesnt let me study when I want to. She doesnt feel I need to study and doesnt understand how important studying is to me. I get very angry with her. 
sadness#Death of a pet rabbit. We had to give it away because my brother became allergic to it. We gave it to a man who kept animals and lots of other animals for children to watch. We went to visit our rabbit. It was badly beaten by the other rabbits and eventually died. 
joy#When I won my car. 
anger#I came home one day and discovered that my sister had borrowed my car and had gotten into an accident with it. My entire front bumper was destroyed. 
sadness#When I heard the news that my grandfather had died. 
joy#At a party in which I met an interesting female. We enjoyed eachothers company while slow dacing. 
anger#I live with my sister now and sometimes she angers me especially when she thinks I dont keep the apt. clean enough. 
sadness#When I found out that I could not go to the concert after buying the tickets because of a biology test which occurred the morning after. 
joy#Last year my freshman yr. It was a day in March I did well on some tests. I seemed to finally adjust to college it was hot and sunny. I was walking in front of a frat. when I heard Beach Boys SurfinUSA. I had this overwhelming feeling that to be at CAL was good. I still have it somewhat. 
anger#Last semester when I dated a girl whom Ive known for almost a year. However one night she said she wanted us to be just friends. I confided this to a friend Jim I was really suffering. A month or two later he broke up with his old girlfriend and they started going out regularly. I have no girlfriend nor have I had a romantic relationship of any significance. I feel some anger but we are friends again. 
sadness#When I was a Sr. in HS. one of the class counselors died of hepatitis. She was very sensitive. She knew my shyness and drew me out to improve myself image. I missed her funeral so I could not publically grieve. My parents didnt understand. 
joy#Someone a boy paid special attention to me. 
anger#My roommate leaving my drawers in a mess after plowing thourgh them looking for something. 
sadness#My friend who was in the Bago was kicked out of the sorority. 
joy#My last genetices midterm a decent grade. 
anger#When someone threw a firecracker into my room at 7:00 am in the morning. 
sadness#A close friend of the family died. 
joy#I received an unexpected B+ on an engineering midterm. I did not study nearly as much as I should have and it was a difficult test. 
anger#I was supposed to meet my girlfriend at a prearranged place but it took me an hour to find her. 
sadness#My grandmother died over the summer. I knew her very well she baked great biscuits. She was in the hospital but expected to improve and go home soon. She died in her sleep. 
joy#Finding out my grades at the end of my freshman year. 
anger#When I found out that my good friend and roommate did not pay the phone bill and electric bill like he promised and let me down. 
sadness#When I found out that my girlfriend would not be coming back to UCB for one semester but would be living in San Jose. 
joy#Going to Chico to visit a friend. 
anger#When the person Im having the affair with wont talk to me in public. 
sadness#My roommates sister committed suicide. 
joy#When fell in love with my present girlfriend. 
anger#When people would tell me that my exgirlfriend was playing around on me. 
sadness#When my grandmother passed away. 
joy#I got a very good grade on one of my midterms a few weeks ago. 
anger#My peers didnt want me to meet someone during rush for fear that I would give her a bad outlook on our Sororoty house. I shouldnt have seen this but they blew and I did. 
sadness#I was told that a friend of a friend committed suicide. 
joy#When I had achieved a goal indirectly. I work for CAL Football and our 2nd win of the season was very gratifying and brought our joy because of the hard work involved and the fact that no one expected we would win. 
anger#I had worked long and hard on a project when a friend inadvertantly destroyed it. I could not forgive him for a long time. And at times still get angry at him. 
sadness#When a pet died. The pet was the closest friend I had for 15 years. 
joy#Getting my accentance letter from CAL. 
anger#I went out dancing and found my boyfriend kissing another girl. 
sadness#At the end of my senior yr. in high school I found out that a friend of mine I knew had cancer had been diagnosed as terminally ill. 
joy#Today I did a lot better on my architecture project than I expected. 
anger#This summer I got into a fight with one of our patrons at a theatre. He hit me and I hit him and her friend he hit my friend and we all hit eachother. 
sadness#This monday I took a Math 1BS test and flunked for the second time. 
joy#When I received a letter of acceptance to CAL. 
anger#When someone told a secret I told them not to tell. 
sadness#When my mother was very sick and almost died. 
joy#I gave my mom a gift she wanted for years. I raflected her joy. 
anger#After a long trip in my dads van without incident I stopped to fill the tank with gas and dented the side of the van against the pole. Then my cars electrical system would not work when I tried to drive home from his house. 
sadness#At one point in a relationship my boyfriend was seeing an old flame more than me. At our confrontation tears were shed. 
joy#When I finally got a job after days of wondering whether I would be hired or not and counting on the money that it would bring. 
anger#A time when as part of my work I was sent out actually sort of volunteered to run an errand for someone who had no authority to send me out and the address was very far especially on foot and turned out to be incorrect too. The whole trip was a waste. 
sadness#When my boyfriend said he did not want to see me anymore which turned out to be untrue. 
joy#Yesterday when I received a B on a history midterm. I felt overjoyed after having received Cs previously. 
anger#A month ago when one of my fellow workers got a promotion over me. It was just a small promotion but recognition was involved. 
sadness#When another fellow worker decided to leave the company. We had been very close and we would not be able to work with eachother any longer. 
joy#When I drove partially across the country with my father. We stopped in a few towns and stayed overnight in motels. The joy I got was from the feedom I felt and the real beauty of the country. 
anger#I cant remember being truly angry. Usually its just disappointment that I feel. One situation would be with my brother. He and I used to be close but now he seems to be avoiding me. 
sadness#4 years ago my family decided to move from New York to California. From the time we decided to move until the time we left I realized how much my friends cared for me. When we left and for a long time after that I was very sad. 
joy#The last time I had sex. 
anger#Physically fighting with my girlfriend because she just walked out of a room of my friends and had pushed and cursed at me when I went to find her. 
sadness#Hearing about a friend back home that had to have his stomach pumped because he had overdosed on pills. 
joy#Reading a letter from a close friend who said he missed me and cared for me. 
anger#When a close friend did not write. 
sadness#Leaving high school. 
joy#I went home and visited with my family and friends. 
anger#While I was away for the weekend some friends went into my room and played my very expensive stereo without asking me or my roommate. 
sadness#I asked a girl out on a date and she said no. 
joy#Returning to school and rejoining my girlfriend after 3 months of separation from summer. 
anger#I bought a new bed for my apt. and it squeaks when you move on it. I tried to fix it but could not. 
sadness#Finding out that my grandfather had died. He lived in England and I had not seen him for 10 years. 
joy#My boyfriend and I were getting dressed up and putting makeup on to go to a Halloween Party. We were dressing up to be two mimes. It was very enjoyable and I thought we looked really good it was an accomplishment. We were alone in his house. 
anger#I had been searching for housing for Fall at UCB and I was finally offered a place then an ordeal followed first I accepted then refused related to my parents judgment theyre paying for me. Turns out that I was so upset at what my Dad said to me that I hung up on him. He called back and threatened to cut me off financially and emotionally. 
sadness#We got news that my almost 21 years old brother died while visiting Europe of a cerebral hemorhage. It finally hit me an hour after we saw his corpse in the coffin. It felt like a door between himself and everything had closed and locked forever. 
joy#When I found our my mother didnt have cancer. 
anger#When some friends betrayed my friendship. 
sadness#When I did bad on a chamistry midterm which I could have done well. 
joy#Riding home from school after completing two midterms in two days and feeling I did well on them. 
anger#Argument with roommate over a lock he had put on kitchen cupboard without telling anyone. 
sadness#Day time robbery of our house. 
joy#When I found out I got accepted to Berkeley. 
anger#When a friend carelessly broke and object in my parents house and did not apologize or pay or anything. 
sadness#I felt sadness when my grandfather died. 
joy#On my birthday my closest friends were here at Berkeley pithched in a lot of money each and bought me ten records to replace some of my records that were stolen. They threw a small surprise party for me too. 
anger#I received a poor grade on a midterm even though I got all the right answers and knew the material. I went to the TA to try to raise my grade and he wouldnt do it. 
sadness#My girlfriend wanted to breakup for an indefinite amt. of time. She said that she couldnt commit herself fully to the relationship without going out with other people. I was her first boyfriend. 
anger#A coworker and I had to rush a project. I was only working there for one month and he for some years. Instead of letting me know that he wanted to do the project himself he went to the superviser and let the superviser tell me to let the coworker do it himself since he was quicker at it. 
sadness#Losing a pet chick. Our family had just put the chick outside a few days before and then one morning it was gone. 
joy#I experienced joy at a friends 22nd birthday party. We had good food good liquid good company good music and an overall warm atmosphere. The birthday girl and I communicate incredibly well. I felt very content warm and inspired just talking with her giving her a neck massage. 
anger#I had just seen my pseudogirlfriend and our conversation angered me greatly. 
sadness#My grandfather died thirteen years ago. 
joy#My parents and brother came up over the weekend. We are a very close family. This was my first year away from home. They brought one jackolantern with a new design. That is the old joke that we have a great new design its always the same. 
anger#While studying chemistry with a friend we became angry with eachother because we were both fed up. 
sadness#I received a letter from my grandmother. She has obviusly suffered a lot from my grandfathers suffering health. She mentioned things she had gotten him and he would never use. 
joy#Football was a very big deal at my high school so I was joyous when my schools team won the conference championship last year. 
anger#I was really pissed when the Russians boycotted the 84 Olympics. I had anger towards them and Jimmy Crter. I was very anxious to see it. 
sadness#It made me very sad to hear that some construction company was going to build houses on the beautiful hills by my house. 
joy#I took a math midterm and I knew I did really well and it was Friday so I felt great joy because the week was over and I did well on a test. 
anger#When I was faced with writing an essay and I didnt want to do it I was angry that I had to write an essay and angry at myself for not having the time to write a good essay. 
sadness#I ran a race for the CAL track team and I did terribly and then the coach said that I should sit out for the season. I felt really sad because I wasnt going to be able to run. It was something I always had done and now I couldnt do it anymore. 
joy#I had met someone and we became good friends. Our relationship grew closer and now he is my boyfriend. I felt joy when I found out how he felt about me. 
anger#One of my friends kept criticizing me about everything I did. I thought she was kidding but later I found out that she was serious. 
sadness#One of my relatives became seriously ill. I felt sad because I didnt know if she will ever be the same again. 
joy#I spoke with a friend on the phone who I havent seen in many years. It was a joyful event to talk to him. 
anger#I typed up a letter for this physician at work. She didnt care for my style even though she was not using correct English. I told her it was her letter and we would do it her way. 
sadness#Recently my sisterinlaws horse was poisoned by a plant and died. The horse was very obedient and exceptional with children. 
joy#My old boyfriend yes the same one asked me out. We had a good time. Then he asked me out the following week. He actually took interest. 
anger#My boyfriend breaking up with me about 7 months after I had an abortion. Just the fact that he was ignoring me and continued to do so. 
sadness#My nephews mother just left one day my brother and she were not married. My nephew Anthony was shaken. I was sad for him because a similar situation happened to me. 
joy#When I got accepted to CAL. 
anger#When my roommates boyfriend assaulted me. He was threatening me calling me names and pushing me around. 
sadness#I was going to go on a vacation to Texas this summer but was unable to go because of registration. 
joy#After being depressed because of a very bad relationship my first love called me and told me that he would always care for me no matter what I did. 
anger#When someone tried to rape one of my best friends and he claimed it was her fault. He the hassled her claimed she was loose and threatened to sue her. 
sadness#My mother kicked my surrogate father out and he in turn did not care for the dog Afthur he bought for the family. His lack of concern lead tho Arthurs death on the freeway. I loved Arthur like a brother. He was easy to talk to. 
joy#I spent a lovely relaxing evening with my boyfriend. We played games and talked all evening. 
anger#When my roommates moped was stolen I was very angry. 
sadness#When I heard my grandfathers wife had leukemia I was very sad. 
joy#Third highest grade in the class and the best answer given for one question the question was graded by the professor and he indicated he liked my answer. 
anger#We are repainting rooms in my house. My mother started to enact plans to paint my room without consulting me. 
sadness#Recent breakup with my girlfriend. We had been together for over a year. I was overseas and discovered over the phone while I was at work. 
joy#After watching the 49ers lose game after game year after year I was finally rewarded with a Super Bowl victory which made me extremely happy. 
anger#I was rushing home from school because there was a 49er game that night. I got into a noninjury accident which was all my fault but destroyed the front of my car. The truck I hit was undamaged. 
sadness#When I learned that my dad had cancer. I knew he was going to the hospital for some tests. My mom told me when she picked me up one weekend from CAL to take me home. 
joy#I felt joy when my boyfriend proposed to me in marriage. 
anger#After I said something that my boyfriend disagreed with he walked away from me without discussing what bothered him. I became very angry with him for treating me this way. Yesterday November 14. 
sadness#I felt sad when my boyfriend and I were apart for some time. 
joy#After much trouble getting together in the first place my boyfriend and I celebrated our first anniversary. 
anger#Sometimes when I go to work my crazy boss a hyper Jewish lawyer insists I do things his way filing typing etc. . He sometimes blames me for things I didnt do and I cant yell back at him. 
sadness#Since I moved into the dorms and Ive been spending most of my free time with my boyfriend. I hardly see my old high school friends. I had several bad incidents with my 2 past best friends. 
joy#Winning a close volleyball game. Im on the intercollegiate team at CAL
anger#Same situation as before having my car stolen. 
sadness#When a close friend drowned in the American River. 
joy#Getting sent on a company expense trip to another state to work for a week at that plan. 
anger#Having my personal objects rearranged by someone else without my consent and having it arranged to their taste. Then trying to find a particular object they rearranged for an hour or more. 
sadness#Death of my father. 
joy#When I finished my C. S. Project I was overjoyed. I felt relieved because it was due the next day and I was tired of looking at it. 
anger#I came out of the house at 7:20 am Monday morning getting ready t go to school and fight for a parking when I saw my car had a flat tire. 
sadness#After my little sisters Graduation from High School my grandmother became very sick. She passed away a few months later. 
joy#A party with no worries i. e. no tests homework etc. many friends were present and good music. 
anger#I was stood up for a date function by someone who I really cared for. 
sadness#After blowing up and saying all the wrong things I realized what I had done and hurt that person and myself. 
joy#I realized the girl liked to be with me. 
anger#When my dad told me about something he had done against my mother. 
sadness#When I heard my sister got in a bad car accident. 
joy#When I passed the B. A exams with first class results. 
anger#When I failed my S. S. C exam. 
sadness#When my sister left home to go and live with her husband. 
joy#My first feeling of falling in love. Coming across a person who made me feel love happiness joy giving me a new and beautiful future who made me dream. 
anger#I was angry at my brother over an argument we had together. We do have a few fights from time to time and also at times I take out my anger on him. 
sadness#When I came to know that my feelings for someone were not reciprocated. 
joy#After my marriage I received the B. Sc results by post I was very happy to learn that I had got very good marks first class. 
anger#I felt angry when my motherinlaw did not handle my daughter properly and she fell down from the bed and hurt her head. 
sadness#I was very sad when I could not take the M. A I exams due to illness and a relative of mine disheartened me about it. 
joy#When my family allowed me to do higher studies. 
anger#When my father talks about our relatives and favours them I feel angry. 
sadness#When my elders do not understand me in the right way. 
joy#I went for a walk on the beach with a friend whom I had not seen for many months. The weather was very pleasant we had some icecream and lots of fun on the beach. 
anger#I was walking on a street alone in the afternoon when there were not too many people on the street. A couple of guys were following me and I was ignoring them. Suddenly one of them came in front of me and started using dirty language and harrassing me. I got very angry and wanted to strike back at them. 
sadness#A close friend of mine was to get married in a weeks time when her father died of a heartattack. I knew him well and felt bad on hearing of his death. 
joy#When I got permission to study at a place which was far away from my home. 
anger#I feel angry when somebody is unjust to me. 
sadness#I feel sad when somebody is unjust to me. 
joy#When I went for a picnic in Lonavala I felt full of joy. 
anger#I was angry this morning when I missed the train to university. 
sadness#When I missed my train this morning I felt sad for some time. 
joy#I acted in an English play in college and got the Best Actress award while our play got the first place. 
anger#I was to meet a friend at the busstop he was coming to visit us and he did not turn up. After having waited for him for some time about an hour I called him up to be told that he did not intend to come as he was feeling tired. 
sadness#When my sister died in a fire accident at home. 
joy#When I passsed the M. S. C board exams with first class which I had not expected. 
anger#When my friend promised that she would come to my place and did not turn up I was annoyed at her. 
sadness#When someone tells me something that hurts me I feel bad about it and also feel sad. 
joy#I was very happy when I passed the B. A with first class marks. 
anger#I was having an argument with my brother on his behavior then we started fighting and I got annoyed at him because he started teasing me. 
sadness#My best friend got married and left her hometown to go and live in Poona. After her wedding I felt sad. 
joy#When I passed the B. A exams with first class results. 
anger#When I failed the M. S. C exams. 
sadness#When my father was ill. 
joy#Last year I passed the B. A exams in Psychology in which I stood first in my class. Thus I got the first prize from the college. I was most happy to tell all this to my parents and friends. 
anger#A few months ago when I was teaching I suddenly became very angry at the children and slapped some of them. 
sadness#My friend got married and went abroad this made me feel sad and lonely. 
joy#When I got a first class in the twelveth standard exams I was very surprised and happy and I had a very good time with my friends. 
anger#When I was at S. Y. Bajaj I wanted to get admission in another college and this was not easy and I felt angry. 
sadness#When my mother scolded me for something very insignificant without knowing the real cause of what had happened. 
joy#After completing highschool I wanted to go abroad for a holiday. I had never been abroad before and neither had I taken a holiday for a long time. When finally my parents agreed and we got the airplane tickets I was over joyed. 
sadness#When I see people with burns I feel sad actually I can not even express my feelings as I think that they must suffer a lot. 
joy#Day before yesterday my mother bought me a new pair of shoes without my having asked for them. She told me that when she saw the pair of shoes she felt like buying them for me. I really liked the shoes and they made me feel that my mother cares for me. 
anger#One of my friends asked me to go shopping with her another friend of hers was also coming along. During the outing they kept talking to each other and I felt left out even when I tried to talk to them they seemed not to listen to me and did not pay me much attention. 
sadness#Two years ago my best friend died in an accident just a day before my birthray. We were very close to each other and I felt very sad at loosing a close friend. 
joy#When my daughter gave her solo dance performance in Poona and there was a big applause I was overjoyed. 
anger#I am separated from my husband. The way he has behaved towards me makes me angry. 
sadness#When my husband lied to me tricked me and when I had to leave my home. 
joy#When I got married. 
anger#A girl whom I trusted and with whom I had shared personal confidential matters twisted the facts and told it to a common friend of ours. When this common friend told me the version my friend had told her I was angry. 
sadness#When my elder sister died. 
joy#The day I got married was the happiest day of my life. Both of us felt that we were right for each other in every way and we had no doubts about our compatibility right from the day we got engaged. 
anger#One morning I was standing at the busstop and the bus passed by without stopping even though there were only 810 passengers inside. I felt angry at the rude behaviour of the bus driver and conductor. 
sadness#At the death of my friends father and especially as this happened ten days before her wedding. 
joy#When I succeeded in achieving a scholarship for which I had strived hard during a period of financial personal and physical stress. 
anger#I was not given a chance to explain to my close relatives as to why I could not go to visit them when they were ill. When I did go they thought that I had been selfish and irresponsible duringtheir illness. 
sadness#I put in two years of hard work and it was neither looked at nor appreciated. 
joy#I feel a sense of joy whenever I complete a piece of writing which is part of my work. Intense reading also brings me joy. I also feel happy when I reminiscent about them. 
anger#Uncleaniness at my work place. The place is generally not very clean but when it reaches a point I get angry at the person who is supposed to clean the place and the people who are supposed to supervise him. 
sadness#Three weeks ago a friend of mine bid me goodbye before going abroad. I felt happy for her as she was achieving something by making the trip but I also felt sad as I would not be seeing her for a long time. 
joy#When I got the scholarship I was very happy as the finacial burden of the family was reduced. 
anger#When the others did not do their bit of work on a group assignment task and I had to do all the work. 
sadness#After having been ill when I was coming back to the hostel I felt very sad leaving home. 
joy#When I was selected at TISS X. 
anger#When I was insulted by a man. 
sadness#When my mother left for Kenya. 
joy#At the preuniversity I was appreciated as an examplary student by our pricipal. This is something which made me feel very happy. 
anger#When I was blamed for some of my attributes which are very often misunderstood especially when one is very frank. 
sadness#When my sister lost her only son who was sixteen years old. I felt very bad about it as this was the first death in my family and then I learned slowly to understand to life. 
joy#The day I got a letter from the U. G. C informing me that I had been awarded the junior research fellowship. 
anger#When a relative who had come to our place created untidyness and dirtyness. 
sadness#When I had to leave home to go to some other place to study. 
joy#When I have achieved what I wanted to achieve I feel the above stated emotion. Also when I am sucessful. 
anger#My friend and I were to attend a very important meeting and he had promised to come and pick me up. But he did not turn up and I felt very angry at him. 
sadness#I was really hoping that I would pass the examination but I failed and so I felt very sad. 
joy#When I stood first in the B. A exams. Earlier I had heard of these boys and girls who were toppers but when I first heard of me having topped I could not believe it. 
anger#I was very angry one day when my husband ignored me and slept on a separate bed. He had no reasons to doubt me or to neglect me and I had never imagined that he could do such a thing. 
sadness#When I heard the news of the death of my father. It was in the evening and I was alone all night in my room trying to remember the face of my father. 
joy#When the results of the part I exams came out I felt tremendous joy in my heart. The results came out after a long period of worry and anxiety so it gave me endless relief and joy. 
anger#I remember that when I was in school I saw a case of partiality one of the teachers gave private coaching classes to some girls and she would give these girls extra attention in class and would ignore the others. 
sadness#On the last day of my school life I was very sad specially on the farewell party day. I felt sad to leave behind my beloved teachers and friends. 
joy#I can not recall one. 
anger#This emotion has never been an intense one that makes it difficult to recall it. 
sadness#When my honest intentions were marred by anothers jealousy. 
joy#The day I was happiest was the day when I received a phone call from Eves Weekly to inform me that I had won the first prize of the All India Essay competition. I had won this prize when I was an undergraduate when even post graduates had participated. I had been judged by eminent judges and political scientists. 
anger#I experience this emotion quite often but the day I was most angry was the day I got pulled up for something I had not done. It happened during my school days I had not spoken a word in class but the monitor had written my name on the board. So I had a remark in my callender which I had to get signed by my parents. This remark resulted in me being spanked. 
sadness#I have once been very sad and lonely. This was when I was trying to organize a play as a student 15 years. Instead of materializing it fizzled out. The worst thing was that the play fell apart completely and I found myself weeping uncontrollably. Now when I think of it I laugh it off but at that time it was intense. 
joy#This happened when it was finally confirmed that I had stood first in the university for the M. A exams. A few days before the official results were declared a clerk had brought the results unofficially. So I had been expecting the results but the confirmation allowed me to legitimately feel happy at my success. 
anger#A new gas connection was to be installed and the mechanic who came to do it was very rude to my mother and me. I rushed to thhe dealer with my mother and had a fight with the dealer as he seemed to be unreasonable and was taking the mechanics side. Ultimately the matter was resolved after my father went and spoke to him. The mechanic was asked to apologize. 
sadness#The day I was to receive my goldmedal for the M. A my grandmother who I loved very much died after an illness. She died a few hours before the convocation. While I was attending the convocation I had to control my grief as she would not have liked me to miss it. It was a day she had been waiting for but did not get to see. 
joy#International sports events won by my favourite national team or player brings me joy e. g when India won the World cup cricket match. 
anger#When I saw a few people beating a man who seemed to be a stranger. 
sadness#When India lost the Benson and Hedges cricket trophy. 
joy#When India won the Prudential cup by beating WestIndies in the final match and became the world cricket champion. WestIndies was the strongest of the eight countries which participated in the competition. 
anger#Despite our good performance and excellent results the management refused to meet our demands. 
sadness#When my beloved girlfriend got married to another person. 
joy#I felt happy at the settlement of our marriage even though we are from different sociolinguistic backgrounds our parents agreed to the wedding without any conflict or discussion. We had thought that they would object to the wedding but it did not happen. 
anger#One day my elder brother badly scolded my father. This was the first time that I heard such abusive language from my brother. I requested him humbly not to use this kind of language but he did not care for what I was saying. Finally I picked up an axe to use against him in the meanwhile people intervened. 
sadness#My close friend and I applied to TISS for admission last year unfortunately he failed to get admission. We had done our graduation together and are quite involved with each other so we had wanted to do our Masters degree together. However it did not work out as we had expected it to and this saddened me. 
joy#When I was a student at the Institute doing my M. Phil degree one of my professors called me before the convocation and told me You have got the goldmedal first rank in the university and tomorrow you will be on T. V. 
anger#When I was doing research a few months ago I had asked the Institute to sponsor me for a computer course which was held in TISS. However because of the administrative officer I could not get the money. 
sadness#When I was in Bombay one of my good friends was getting married and he had not informed me about it this made me sad. 
joy#I am joyfull to be alive every night. 
anger#On discovering the redtapism and the bureaucratic corrupt decadent degenerated infrastucture of every public utility office and service and the rampant corruption at every single level of education and other institutions. 
sadness#The death of Jaya Prakash Narayan caused a great deal of sadness as I believed that he was the only true democrat and a ray of hope on the Indian horizon. 
joy#My joy knew no bounds when I was selected for a job even before having finished my studies. 
anger#I felt angry when repeated pleas to the ticket collector and the copassengers in order to make a queue fell on deaf ears. I have this feeling whenever someone is not disciplined and methodic in doing his duty. 
sadness#I am filled with gloom and sadness at the death of a person. More specifically I felt sad after hearing the news of a death of a person who was hale and hearty and full of life withvigour and plans for the next day but had no next day to cherish it. 
joy#When India first won the world cup cricket tournament. 
anger#I was travelling from Delhi to Bombay. I had booked a seat one month back and I had also got a telegram confirming this. However in the train my name had been omitted from the reservation sheet and the one seat that was still vacant was alloted to another person who paid for it despite my requests for the seat. I was allowed to stay in the reserved compartment when I paid money. 
sadness#The news of the natural calamity an earthquake in which hundreds of Mexican people died. 
joy#I felt happy at the end of a 10 day student camp. We had shared our hopes and aspirations and in the open situation so generated we had made strong frienships and experienced our own worth as well. 
anger#I had made an error in planning a programme and had publicly accepted the mistake despite repeated requests not to bring the matter for discussion a professor kept constantly passing remarks. I reacted angrily. 
sadness#I was in love with a girl but had to separate from her because of different commitments concerning life and career. I loved her as a person but could not agree with the life the future would demand. Parting from her was very sad. 
joy#This is one feeling I never betray but I must confess that the last time I slighty felt happy was when I passed my M. A with a high rank. This was a few years ago when my friend told me about the result. 
anger#A few days back a friend of mine poked me in the ribs for funs sake though I had warned him an infinite number of times that it really hurts me he did it again. I usually ignore this but this time I flared up for a split second and threatened to bash him up. This is the latest incident when I lost my temper though I felt very bad about it later. 
sadness#The saddest moment in my life was when I lost my younger sister a few years back. 
joy#When I got my B. Sc degree with first class. 
anger#When I was punished in school for no serious mistake of mine. 
sadness#When I received the S. Y. J. C results the marks I obtained were not up to my expectations and I missed admission in engineering. 
joy#This happened when I was in the 10th standard. The paddy crops were in a bad shape as it had not rained and there was no water in the well so I was in a very sad mood. I came to the conclusion that I would ignore the paddy field just 12 hours after this it rained for one hour. This was a very tense time and the rain brought me tremendous pleasure. 
anger#One day my roommate started imitating me doing what I had done a few hours back. I got very angry and started beating him up. 
sadness#A few months a close relative of mine died. I had never expected this to happen and was sad for a few months. 
joy#After my graduation exams I was waiting to get admitted to a post graduation course however the situation was not very favourable for me and I was upset. Suddenly Bombay university offered me a seat and I landed up in Bombay for my post graduation studies. This happened last year and was very pleasant for me. 
anger#This was the worst incident of my hostel life. I was insulted by a close friend of mine on the eve of the New year and it totally spoiled my New years night. 
sadness#When I feel that I have made a mistake. 
joy#When I got my B. A degree with first class. 
anger#Once a friend had pushed me and I had fallen on to a window which then broke. I was taken to tthe principals office and he accused me of having broken the window. 
sadness#When I received my S. Y. J. C results which did not allow me to get admission in engineering. 
joy#When I passed the 12th standard board exams. 
anger#During the short period of my unemployment about six years back. 
sadness#My fathers death in January 1983 moved me deeply. The gloom prevailed for almost two years and I am still to recover from it. 
joy#After having finished my B. Sc I was struggling hard to continue my studies and had taken the M. SC exam. I was not sure that I would be selected in the written exam. When I saw my name in the selected candidates list I was overjoyed. 
anger#When I was dancing with a dame at a social one of my friends who was interested in her came and took her away from me. I was really angry with him then. 
sadness#When a close friend residing in the hostel lost his father I really pittied him and the situation made me feel sad. 
joy#I was doing an experiment and was not getting the appropriate result despite the fact that I had repeated the procedure 45 times. Then finally I got it right by a stroke of luck. 
anger#Once I had an argument with my friends and I knew that I was right. My friends went on arguing with me even though they did not know the right thing. 
joy#When I realized that I loved someone of the opposite sex. 
anger#During my childhood when I could not get what I wanted from my brother/sister and parents. 
joy#The way this particular girl spoke behaved and reacted the first time I was introduced to her I felt certain that something between us would materialize. 
anger#Ther are many instances which are all equally irritating. 
sadness#When a girl did not answer a question concerning my love for her put forward to her. 
joy#I most joyous moment was the day I got my marks. I was very happy when I came to know about my marks at the M. Sc part I examination where I got 71. 5%. This was the highest marks I have ever scored in my life. 
joy#When my brother was selected to the University of Malawi the Polythecnic. I was very excited and I rejoiced due to one of our family members qualifying for University level at long last. 
anger#Sometime ago I felt very angry when my mother wrote me telling me that my elder sister was messing up things at home by her internalised aggressive attitude towards parents and her husband. 
sadness#I felt very sad when I was in Form three to notice that my friend Barley Jumbe had lost very expensive new sports short trousers. 
joy#After sitting for the Standard 8 Exams for the second time in 1979 I had great joy when I heard that I was successful in the Examination when the results were out. 
anger#Somebody wanted to beat my brother at a wedding ceremony and I was trying to protect my brother but the other man was calling names to both of us. 
sadness#I never failed my examinations since Standard 1 but I experienced sad moments when I sat for Standard 8 Examination and I was not selected for Secondary School education in 1978. 
joy#I was emotionally happy when I was in love with the girl I had longed for. 
anger#It happened that my brother promised to give me money for school and then he told me that he had failed to fulfil his promise a day before school started. I became so angry for I thought my future would be ruined. 
sadness#I was all of the sudden sad when I heard that my cousin who usually paid school fees had passed away after a very short illness. 
anger#Somebody was blaming me of a story which was not real and not true. 
sadness#Death of my grnadfather after having been in hospital for so long with cancer of the Oesophagus. 
joy#When I passed my Primary school leaving certificate and selected to go to a Boarding secondary school. 
anger#We were just about to go into the Exam room and I didnt see all my writing materials plus the identification card from the place where I left them. 
sadness#When my boyfriend did not turn up in time as he promised he would be coming. 
joy#Saw on TV China winning the gold medals. 
anger#An old lady slipped and nobody helped her. 
sadness#A friends mother died. 
joy#Made a wonderfull new friend. 
anger#Insulted by disgusting people. 
sadness#My friend was badly hurt. 
joy#When you told everyone in the last lecture you will do all lectures again in English and everybody can come not only English classes
anger#My class leader told me I am not chosen for your English lectures. 
sadness#Finding out that the university will give first priority to qualified practioners and clinical years to go to your English lectures. 
joy#Winning a game after a long time of losing. 
anger#People not cueing in the dining hall. 
sadness#Failed an examn. 
joy#Being chosen to do your experiment with aphasia. 
anger#A classmate told me I must have bribed the class leader to let me go to your English lecture. 
sadness#I was not chosen for the All English class. 
joy#I got better marks in the examn than many arrogant people. 
anger#Insulted by some stupid people. 
sadness#Lost a friend. 
anger#I was most angry when India lost the Triangular Cricket trophy held in Australia. I was so angry that I fought orally with my friend. 
sadness#I was very sad when I got the XIIth standard results when I got low marks as compared to my friend and I could not get admission to courses like medicine. 
joy#When I got my first unknown compound while doing my M. Sc research I was very happy. This is because my research was based on this type of reactions and compounds. 
anger#When my neighbours accused my brother of stealing their rosebush I was very angry as he had not touched it at all. 
sadness#When I heard that my girlfriend was getting married to another person I felt very sad. That day I did not eat anything and kept thinking of her all day long. 
joy#This happened a year when I was having a hard time I got admission to do research despite obstacles in the procedure of admission. 
anger#I missed an opportunity to go abroad because of some silly mistakes for which I had to suffer a lot. 
sadness#It was at the time of my M. Sc exam when I was not in a position to take the exam after having studied seriously. 
joy#When I got the first compound through column. 
anger#When I got low marks in B. Sc final. 
sadness#When my first love was not successful. 
joy#It was about a fortnight ago I was declared successful in the U. G. C exam this year only four in Bombay succeeded. My joy knew no bounds. 
anger#This also happened when I was very small. I was beaten up by my mother for no fault of mine I had just beaten up my younger brother for what I thought was his fault. I was very angry with my mother. 
sadness#After studying a lot for my H. S. C exams I could not make it to the medical stream and I felt sad about this. 
joy#When I got admission in M. Sc I Organic Chemistry I was very happy. 
anger#I was very angry when my friend lost my practicals journal which I needed to study for the exams. 
sadness#I was very sad when I did not get admission in the English college as I had 1% less marks than they wanted. 
joy#When I passed the TOEFEL with very good marks. 
anger#When I was teased by my friend for not scoring good marks in the exams. 
sadness#When I was ditched by my girlfriend. 
joy#The moment I got the news that I had been selected for the U. G. C junior national research fellowship. It was a dream come true. 
anger#I wanted to go to Bhopal for relief work gas tragedy. My boss simply refused to let me go I was so angry that the only thought that came to my mind was to quit the job. 
sadness#A friend of mine was hospitalized after having been diagnosed as having typhoid he had to forgo his exams and also his ambition of doing a dissertation at the M. A level. It was a very sad event for me and I felt very sorry for him so I volunteered to stay with him in the hospital. 
joy#I have a girlfriend who is almost like a daughter to me. She is studying out of station and I get to see her only once a year. Her arrival is always a joyous one. 
anger#I was the compere at a party and all my efforts to get the show rolling were thwarted by the immobile non cooperative guests. I felt frustation bordering on anger. 
joy#When I was successful at my work I was full of joy. 
anger#When bad and disgusting language is uttered by people or when someone tries to show what is beyond his own capacities. 
sadness#I missed my twin when I was on the verge of being thrown which I disliked. 
joy#When I received the best actor award at the intercollege drama competition. It gave me tremendous joy and satisfaction which lasted for several days. 
anger#When an acquaintance of mine beat up another person for no just reason and thus showed off his power. 
sadness#When a friend of mine died in a hiking accident. I was not present there and only got the news later. 
joy#I felt this emotion when my name was announced on the radio that I had been selected to come to Lilongwe School for Health Sciences to take a training course as a Medical Assistat. 
anger#I felt angry when my only pair of trousers was stolen and could not be able to find out who the thief was or anyone who knew about the story. 
sadness#I felt sad when my dear friend was needed from training school due to his failure in a number of subjects and simply didnt know what he had to do. 
joy#When I was at school no one thought I could pass my MCE so at the end of the year my name was announced on the radio that I had passed. I was the happiest person. 
anger#My young brother took my wristwatch in my abscence and sold it to his friend at a cheaper price. 
sadness#I had a girlfriend who lived several kilometers away from my home. One day she wrote me that shed visit me. On her way she had a car accident and was badly injured. I was very sorry to see her lying in a bed in the hospital. 
joy#When I was accepted to study at this school I was very happy. 
anger#There is a mad boy in our village. This boy hit me with a raw pawpaw in the face. 
sadness#It was last September when I felt very sad. It was when I heard that I was not selected to study in the University of Malawi. 
joy#It was in December last year that I was chosen to come to this Institution to study as a Medical Assistant. 
anger#I once caught a letter in my girlfriends handbag from a certain man. I felt anger. 
sadness#I was once nominated as an Officer Cadet in the Armed Forces and my name was cancelled on the list of nominees of those who were sent to Kenya for Training. 
joy#There was joy in me when I heard that I was to take a course as a Medical Assistant. 
anger#A certain Area Party Secretary came home in the morning and said we had to leave our home and build somewhere and the reason being that they wanted to establish a market. The Chairman knew nothing about it and was very angry. 
sadness#I was so sad when I heard that my Uncle had passed away. He was the only man who was supporting my parents as well as myself. 
joy#When I was in Form 4 at Secondary School I was elected as a school Library Assistant and also the leader of Catholic Students so I felt very joyous. 
anger#It was in March 1985 when one of my fellow students borrowed my wristwatch and after sometime he broke a glass of that watch I got angry when he was telling me but the anger didnt take long to fade. 
sadness#When I was about to write my Junior Certificate Exams I received sad news telling me that my elder sister had passed away. 
joy#The joy came to me when I heard that I was going to start a Medical course at the Lilongwe School for Health Sciences. 
anger#The emotion came when a certain boy opened my locker without my knowledge. 
sadness#The sadness came to me when I heard that my girlfriend whom I loved so much got married to another man before a rebuff from her. 
joy#When I was told that I was selected to attend Medical Assistant Training. 
anger#This situation happened when my friend John ate my banana which I kept in the cupboard. 
sadness#When I was told that my father had passed away. 
joy#When my father married a certain lady. The reception was held at Kasungu town Hall. 
anger#I felt angry when I was told that I had not been selected to go to the University. 
sadness#I felt sad when I was told to walk out of the classroom because I was within the row of students who were making noise. 
joy#My girlfriend who had been very far away from me came to my place. She saw me and ran after me. I didnt know that she had come. I couldnt see her. She held my shoulders standing behind me. 
anger#My girlfriend mentioned a certain girls name who was my girl some time back and she is no longer mine that she said she was still mine. 
sadness#I had been caught redhanded having stolen some pawpaw. I was then taken the elders owning the pawpaws. 
joy#This happened when I was selected to go to Secondary school to start Form I in October 1980. 
anger#My lovely girlfriend doublecrossed me and so that I found her chatting with another guy. 
sadness#I really became sad when mother passed away while I was very young. 
joy#I felt joy when I passed my Malawi School Certificate of Education. 
anger#I was angry when I heard that my only girl was going about with another man. So I decided to drop her but later the story came to be untrue. 
sadness#When I was not selected to go to the University of Malawi I felt very sad. 
joy#When I married my wife and took her home for the first time. 
anger#When I was charmed by my relatives. 
sadness#When my mother died in August 1978. 
joy#My friend took me to Civo Stadium to watch and listen to the music of the International singer Sam Mangwana. I had no hope of going there since I had no money so he gave me the money for admission. 
anger#I felt angry when I heard that my sister had failed the Examinations which we hoped she was going to pass with distinctions. 
sadness#I felt sad when I heard that my girlfriend was doublecrossing me with the boy who is my best friend. 
joy#The joy came when I first proposed a girl at Secondary School. 
anger#I was very angry when I heard that my brother was beaten by his friends. 
sadness#I was very sad when I heard about the death of my teacher who taught me in Standard 8. 
joy#My sister gave birth to twins healthy ones. 
anger#I planned to travel a distance of 20 kilometres on my bike. I planned this when I was working in the hospital. When I went to the house I found that a friend had taken my bike without my consent. 
sadness#It was in the evening when I heard that my girl went to Zambia and that she would never come back. 
joy#This emotion happened when I passed my primary school examination and was selected for Secondary School. 
anger#I was very angry when one day I went to see my girlfriend I talked to her and could not answer back. She was depressed for reasons which were not known to me. 
sadness#I was very sad when I was shouted at by Uncle and was told that I was not to be given school fees because I didnt go to work in the garden since I had gone to escort my sister to the bus depot. 
joy#It was August 30th when I heard on the radio that I passed my M. C. E. exams and I was really happy and joyous because of the event. 
anger#I once was accused of falling in love with someones girlfriend which was not true because the girl was just a friend of mine. 
sadness#It was when I failed standard 8 exams while all my friends passed and went to secondary school. In class I was always getting more marks than they did. 
joy#It was when I was allowed to take my wife away from her parents after being refused for three times on grounds that she should first write her examination. 
anger#It was when my Instructor awoke me late at night to get prepared for the training at Military college when he was coming back from his personal social activities. 
sadness#I slept in a tent at the Barracks which caught fire at night and my best possessions got burnt in there. 
joy#This came in when at one time I met a girl who I didnt expect to fall in love with me. Fortunately I tried my luck and she accepted my proposal. At the same time she was giving me a lot of money which was just like a miracle to me. 
anger#I experienced this when one of my friends reported to the Headmaster that I had gone out for beer whilst the information was not true at all. So I had to fight the friend before the Headmaster. 
sadness#When I was at school. 
joy#That was soon after the results of the interview which nearly 9000 people attended in all the three regions of Malawi. My joy came after hearing on the radio that I was one of the people selected to undergo the Medical Assistant training at the L. S. H. S. 
anger#I was once this week angry when soemone trying to compress my mind due to his nonsense speech which himself could not tolerate at all. 
sadness#This condition accumulated in my mind when funeral news was brought to my awareness that a close relative had passed away. 
joy#It was when I was selected to go to a Secondary school to start form I. 
anger#It was when my friend had stolen my money K10 and had disappeared. 
sadness#It was when my father was taken into detention by the CIDS for two years for a reason I dont know up to now. 
joy#Time had struck 8 oclock when I heard from the radio that I had been selected to Robert Blake Secondary School for Form I. I was very happy for the selection. My parents and I were very happy and full of joy. 
anger#I felt very angry after one driver had run over my beloved niece. 
sadness#I was away to school Primary. In my abscence my young brother at home got sick suddenly. My parents took him to hospital. On the way he died. It came to me as a sad sudden and shocking news and I felt very sad. 
joy#When I heard that I had passed Primary School Leaving Certificate and was selected to go for Secondary education. 
anger#When I heard that I was not to be provided with another pair of medical uniform. 
sadness#When I heard that my father had passed away. 
joy#I met my girlfriend on the way and she joyfully welcomed me on the way home. 
anger#An incident occurred to me when I was going home with my girlfriend. On the way a man named Banda grabbed my girlfriend in my presence. I was really angry with him and as a result I threw stones at him and he ran away. 
sadness#When I found my baby whipped by my Auntie. I was really sad and up to this moment my sadness is still on. 
joy#I felt happy when I saw my brother at the bus depot after 3 months without seing each other. 
anger#When they put the blame on me when I scored the third goal at the match. 
sadness#I felt very sad when I lost my three Kwacha at civo Stadium when Sam Mangwana was playing some Rumba records. That was not what I expected I wanted some Disco records. 
joy#On December the 28th I was filled with Joy when I was told by my bosses that I had been selected to attend a course at the Lilongwe School for Health Scienced in Lilongwe. 
anger#It was at Malawi Army Dormer Squadron when some of my workmates got promoted to Seargents sgts we were having similar Ranks. 
sadness#It was mid May 1985 When we had a Test on Nursing. My classmate had an answer sheet so he tried to peep. The Nursing Tutor caught him. During this time I was turning my question paper and it made noise. This friend blamed me of causing the whole matter for him to be caught. 
joy#I felt joy when I heard over the radio that I had been successful in my Primary School Leaving Certificate Examination and was selected for Secondary School. 
anger#When I was doing my last year at Secondary School I was robbed of my clothes wristwatch and my pair of shoes. After investigations it was found that all the things were stolen by one of the boys in our hostel. 
sadness#It was on 9th January 1983 when I received a message from home telling me that my father passed away on the previous day with a history of cancer of the oesophagus. This time I was doing my third year of my Secondary School. 
joy#When I had an anticipatory honeymoon with my fiancTe. 
anger#When a classmate hit me on my occipital region when I was busy studying and concentrating on my classnotes. 
sadness#When my father died. 
joy#When I heard my name being announced on the radio that I had been successful in an interview for admittance for a medical Assistant training course. I was really happy and I enjoyed myself by dancing to music from the Radio cassette. 
anger#One day I was really angry when all my food was eaten by a dog. My anger was against my mother because she was careless. She didnt keep the food in a hidden and proper place. 
sadness#One day I came across a certain boy who was intruding my friendship as lovers with my girlfriend and I was very sad because I didnt expect that girl to disappoint me I regarded her as being very faithful. 
joy#When I was selected to start Form I at Chilumba Secondary School out of the 100 pupils I was among the 4 who were successful. Family History showed that I had done better than all my brothers who had passed after repeating for several times. 
anger#I was angered by a classmate who poured soup on to my clothes. He was trying to use a shortcut method in getting his supper. Coming behind my back he wasnt noticed by me and as I was retreating from a hungry congested people I knocked his plate with my head. He didnt accept being wrong but blamed me for pouring his soup. 
sadness#I was sad when my MCE grades were out. I had gone for a football match a mile away from home. The mail found me there. I was disappointed and didnt play the other half of the match. 
joy#I passed my MCE Examination. at first I was worried but when I heard my name I had joy in my heart and I arranged for a trip to attend a wedding ceremony. 
anger#Someone told a lie that I had stolen his money. 
sadness#My Uncle was beaten by his troublesome son. He fell unconscious and gained consciousness after some time. That time I was at school this news reached me through someone. 
joy#I met a certain lady at Mchesi and I proposed a word of love to her and at the same time she accepted my proposal. 
anger#There was a cup final match between Limbe Leaf Wanderers and Silver Strikers and someone promised to give me some money for admission fee to watch this game. Unfortunately he did not give me. 
sadness#I had received bad news informing me that grandmother and grandfather had passed away. The first one to die was my grandmother and after two days grandfather died too. 
joy#Passing a very difficult examination which I didnt expect MCE. 
anger#Brother took my money to use for his own purposes. 
sadness#After hearing the news about the death of my sister I felt very sad. 
joy#When I was selected to a University College of Nursing. 
anger#When someone took my writing materials yet I was to write Examinations in a few minutes. 
sadness#When I failed my Standard 8 Examination for the first time. 
joy#I felt joy when I heard my name being called on the radio as one of the students who had passed the interview of Nursing and was selected to start Nursing. 
anger#I felt angry at one time when I was chatting with friends and suddenly another friend joined us and started opposing any comment I added to our chatting. 
sadness#I felt sad when a thief stole all the clothes from my friends cupboard at school boarding. 
joy#When I passed my MSCE Exams and was selected to go to college. 
anger#My best friend started moving out with my boyfriend. When I heard this my heart sank because I didnt expect that my own good friend could do such a thing so I got angry. 
sadness#I was sad when I heard that my cousin died because of being bewitched by her husbands second wife. 
joy#When I was selected to come here. 
anger#This was when my boyfriend told me that I was doublecrossing him with a certain boy. 
sadness#When I heard that my friend had started drinking beer. 
joy#When the church choir came one Sunday after being away for some weeks. 
anger#When a little brother of mine damaged a cassette. 
sadness#I was watching T. V with my parents and some pornographic scenes came on I felt uncomfortable and tried to distract my parents attention by talking to them. 
joy#When I had my first boyfriend. 
anger#During the Xmas holiday I and my best friend at Secondary School had planned to meet at a Cultural afternoon at the Mt. Soche Hotel after missing each other for such a long time. When I asked my mother for permission she told me not to go for no good reason. I felt very angry with her. 
sadness#When I was transferred from Chichiri Secondary School to St. Marys Sec. School. I was happy at Chichiri as a day scholer and had made a lot of friends. I was going to a boarding and that meant parting with my friends as well as my boyfriend for the first time. 
joy#I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected for a University course. 
anger#One day I was angry with my friend who went into my drawer and took a piece of paper on which I wanted to write a letter and used it for her business without my knowledge. 
sadness#It was shocking news to me when I received a telegram from home telling me that my grandmother had passed away. I had to go home to attend the funeral but unfortunately I found that the burial had already taken place. 
joy#I wrote a difficult Exam at one time while in my Secodary School. When the results were announced on the radio I came second out of 80 students hence I felt joy. 
anger#Last week a friend of mine called on me and said I was moody and difficult to persuade. With this I got angry with her. 
sadness#I experienced this emotion when my grandfather passed away. 
joy#When I received a beautiful birthday gift form my parents. 
anger#When I damaged my wristwatch which I liked very much. 
sadness#When my cousin passed away. 
joy#I had stayed for months without seeing mother because our holidays were short and my home is far. Some times mother came to see me at school I was very joyful and I didnt want her to go. 
anger#It was during the beginning of the term. I had K100 and kept it in my handbag. I left the handbag in the wardrobe but didnt lock it. Next time I found that K30 were stolen. 
sadness#My best friend had failed Exams. She had to leave and so we got separated. 
joy#I had an interview for entry into college. The results were to be announced on radio. After a long period of waiting the results were released. I had succeded tension was relieved by joy. 
anger#I went to a fair where a guy who was drunk kept bothering me and in the end I got really angry. 
sadness#When I heard that my Uncle had passed away in a road traffic accident. 
joy#I was given a gift by my sister. There were many pleasant things in this parcel. 
anger#I wrote an Exam and happened to have not done as well as I thought I would. I was angry to myself for not having done so well. 
sadness#I lost my purse that had money in it. I was sad until I found it. 
joy#The day I was told that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Exams and I was selected to go to college. 
anger#I was angry when someone stole a magazine which I had borrowed from another friend and locked it in a drawer. 
sadness#When my best friend promised to come at my house and I had to prepare so many expensive things for her but only to learn at last that she would not turn up. 
joy#When I had passed MCE examinations. 
anger#I was angry when my friends said that I should not receive Nursing Science books because there was a rumour that I was intending to leave the college. 
sadness#When my cousin passed away. 
joy#I was filled with joy when I heard that I had been selected to come here at Kamuzu College of Nursing. 
anger#I was angry when somebody stole my half petticoat. 
sadness#I felt sad when my father was sick. 
joy#The time I learnt that I had passed my Malawi School leaving Certificate Examinations. 
anger#A tailor ran away with my skirt. 
sadness#Cooks refused to give me food. 
joy#A boy I had been admiring so much asked me to go out with him. 
anger#Sometime back another girl who was in terms with my exboyfriend came to shout at me at twelve midnight. It was because she thought I was still interested in the boy. 
sadness#In May 18th 1984 my boyfriend went to the U. S. A. In December I was told he passed away. He had cancer of the Oesophagus. 
joy#When I passed standard 8 exams I jumped rolled over the ground. 
anger#I was furious when the teacher pointed out in class that I was the quietest girl in class. 
sadness#It was extremely sad to me when I heard that a patient who I was taking care of in hospital had passed away. He had some abdominal pains. 
joy#The time I first saw my cousin who is living in Tanzania. 
joy#I was filled with joy when I heard that I had passed my Secondary school leaving certificate exam. 
anger#I was angry when my boyfriend did not turn up as promised. 
sadness#I was very sad when I heard that my uncle had passed away untimely at home. 
joy#When my boyfriend came form Rumphi to Lilongwe for a visit I was very happy to see him and couldnt believe it was him with me. 
anger#I had been in love with a certain young man who pretended to love me but one day I found out that he had another girlfriend who was also a friend of mine. 
sadness#I wrote a letter to my boyfriend but he couldnt answer it in time so as a defence mechanism I just found that I felt so sad about it and couldnt talk to anyone. 
joy#When I heard that I had passed my end of first year exams and I was ready to enter 2nd year because I felt I had failed as they were very hard. 
anger#The headmistress at a secondary school accused me of banging the classroom door when I didnt in front of the whole class. 
sadness#I received a message that my elder brother was involved in a car accident and was admitted in hospital. 
joy#When I was selected to start Form I at Malosa Secondary school. 
anger#When my dress was stolen. 
sadness#When my grandmother died after a long illness. 
joy#I was very joyful when I heard that I had passed the standard 8 exams. The day I heard the news was the day I celebrated my birthday. 
anger#I was angry at the Cafeteria when the cook scolded and said many bad things about me without reason. He thought I was among the girls who did him wrong. 
sadness#I was very sad when I heard that my Auntie had passed away. 
joy#When I heard that I had passed my MCE Exam I spent the whole day dancing and eating sugarcanes from our garden. 
anger#When a certain boy went about saying that I am his girlfriend. I wrote him an insulting letter to him and called him names. 
sadness#When I heard that my father had passed away. I could not eat for a week and was only crying. I could not find the courage to go to bath. 
joy#It was in 1983 September when MCE results were being announced on the radio. When I heard my name that I had done well I just kept quiet. I was so happy that I couldnt even talk. 
anger#A certain man went to my parents and told them that I was married here when I am here at school. When I went home for holidays my parents asked me about it and I was angry with that man. 
sadness#When I went home on holidays I found that my niece and nephew had passed away I was very sad for the children were not even sick before death but suddenly died. 
joy#I was joyful when I received a present 2 books and a pencil from the headmaster in standard 6 because I had passed I became No 1 and he said I was one of the pupils who had good behaviour. 
anger#I was angry the other day because the teacher told me to sweep some orange peels. It was my friends who were supposed to sweep but the teacher told me to do it. 
sadness#I was very sad when I heard that my brother had failed the standard 8 exams for the third time. 
joy#I was happy to hear that my sister had won a prize at running competition. 
anger#I was angry when I had not been granted a leave out pass during the last weekend. 
sadness#I was sad to hear that my brother had a motorbike accident. 
joy#When my brother bought me a nice pair of shoes from South Africa. 
anger#Somebody took my wristwatch and promised to have it mended and later was telling me that he couldnt give it back to me because I was rude at a certain time. 
sadness#My boyfriend didnt turn up after promising that he was coming. 
joy#After passing my Malawi Certificate of Education Exam and being selected to Kamuzu College of Nursing. 
anger#The patient whom I expected to get well suddenly passed away after he showed had his meals. 
sadness#When my grandmother passed away. 
joy#The time when my sister had her first baby I was so happy and joyous because she stayed for two days after marriage before she had a child. 
anger#I was so angry with a patient who refused to take drugs. 
sadness#When I heard of the death of a friend who had just finished her training I felt very sad for she was young. 
joy#I felt joyful when I heard that I had been selected for College education. 
anger#I felt angry when my friend told me that I had stolen her money. 
sadness#I felt sad when I heard that my cousin had passed away just suddenly. 
joy#I received money from my father at a time when I was completely broken. 
anger#One of my friends went and told another friend of mine that I was going abut with another guy in Lilongwe besides the one I had. She said I was seen with him hand in hand. 
sadness#I received a letter form home telling me that my sister was very sick. 
joy#I was selected to come here University College when I was least expecting it. 
anger#It was when I discovered that my boyfriend had another girl. I discovered it through a letter he wrote to the girl when he was away. When I asked him he accepted it. 
sadness#My child passed away after a short illness when he was just eleven months old. I was only told about his death without knowing that he had been ill. 
joy#Accepted by the college football team. 
anger#Made mistakes in exam. 
sadness#Failing examn. 
joy#Article published in the college newspaper. 
anger#My friend misunderstood me. 
sadness#My grandmother died. 
joy#Found money on the road and returned it to the owner through police. 
anger#Listening to long speech of the party leaders wasting my time. 
sadness#My girlfriend left me. 
joy#Helping in the nursery school. 
anger#My bed sheet present of my parents damaged by roommate. 
sadness#Not being accepted by classmates in university. 
joy#Got a present from my friend for my birthday. 
anger#South Korea winning more gold medals in the Asian Olympic more than China. 
sadness#Saw the village I come from still pay money to buy wife. 
joy#Coming to this lecture and listen to you talking about feelings I am so happy that foreigners have the same feelings as Chinese. 
anger#Too many people in TV room I was not able to get a seat to watch TV. 
sadness#My sister marrying a bad man. He is cruel to her. 
joy#Discussing psychology with my friends before the lecture. 
anger#I could not find my monthly tickets for the bus when I was on the bus. 
sadness#Two little children 5/6 years old begging for money and noone gave them money. 
joy#You told me psychology can help people to be happier. 
anger#Bus conductor insulted me for not buying a ticket I forgot. 
sadness#Saw a father beating up his small child. 
joy#My parents came to visit me. 
anger#Saw in the TV South Korea cheating in the Asian Olympic games. 
sadness#General Ye Jianying died. 
joy#My friend told me he really likes me. 
anger#South Korea cheating for gold medals. 
sadness#My friend has to go on field trips he just told me. 
joy#I met a friend I had not seen for a long time on the street. 
anger#Overhear people talking about me and saying that I am stupid. 
sadness#Hearing about developments of sience in the West a lot better than China. 
joy#Scoared a goal in a football match. 
anger#Someone called me a disgusting nickname. 
sadness#Not getting on with someone of my classmates in high school. 
joy#My class winning against another class in a football match. 
anger#A friend forgot his appointment with me. 
sadness#A friend misunderstood me. 
joy#Meeting an old friend from high school. 
anger#Misunderstood deliberately by a close friend. 
sadness#My old teacher in primary school died. 
joy#My old friend visited me in the university. 
anger#My roommate was rude to me. 
sadness#My uncle died in the Vietnam War. 
joy#Scoring a goal in football match. 
anger#I was told to do something I did not want to do. 
sadness#Finding out that China is still backward in science. 
joy#Saw in TV that China had the most gold medals in the Asian Olympic. 
anger#Insulted by teacher. 
sadness#Finding out I am not good looking. 
joy#Joining in a research group studying consumers behaviour and helping the people in the shop with the sales. 
anger#A classmate damaged ma iron and tried to hide the damage. 
sadness#Not winning a medal in the swimming contest. 
joy#China winning the Asian Olympic. 
anger#Korean judges cheating. 
sadness#My father left us for another woman. 
joy#Being together with my best friend. 
anger#Heard about someone telling lies about me to my best friend. 
sadness#My best friend suddenly acting strange towards me. 
joy#My best friend chosen for your English lectures. 
anger#My class leader told me the university wont let all of us go to your lectures because we are not All English Class. 
sadness#When I was not chosen to go to your English lectures. 
sadness#Finding out my best friend cannot go to the English lectures. 
joy#Receiving a letter from a boy I care. 
anger#My parents do not like my friend and told me not to go out with him. 
sadness#My grandmother died. 
joy#Finding out that I can go to your English lectures. 
anger#Being sexually assulted on a bus. 
sadness#Finding out that my best friend could not go to university. 
joy#Getting into this university. 
anger#Being insulted in public. 
sadness#A girl I love does not love me. 
joy#Getting into this university to do medicine. 
anger#Misunderstood by a close friend for the wrong reason. 
sadness#Finding out that China is poor so we cannot have good reference books. 
joy#Aticle published. 
anger#Made a statement that other people did not believe. 
sadness#Saw poverty in the countryside. 
joy#China winning the Asian Olympic games. 
anger#Being put down by the class leaders. 
sadness#Finding out that life span in China is shorter than in the West. 
joy#When I found out that I can travel with my best friend. 
anger#Finding out that I was deceived by a friend. 
sadness#Not doing well in an examn. 
joy#Finding out that I am not ill not seriously. 
anger#Bought something bad from the shop and they refused to change it. 
sadness#Relatives death. 
joy#First public speaking. 
anger#Saw some young people fighting for seats on a bus. 
sadness#My mothers death. 
joy#Falling in love. 
anger#Falling in love although she is my friend angry with myself. 
sadness#My friend still trusts me as a friend. 
joy#Doing unexpectedly well in an examn. 
anger#I wanted to borrow lecture notes from a friend and he did not lend me them. 
sadness#Finding out about the university does not have enough foreign currency to buy the yournals in your reference list. 
joy#Talking to a close friend. 
anger#Insulted for no reason. 
sadness#Did badly in an examn. 
joy#Found out that me and my best friend are both chosen for the English lectures. 
anger#Told by some people the class leader only choose his friends not true. 
sadness#One of my best friends was hurt by a girl he loves. 
joy#Talking to a close friend. 
anger#Failed to be elected to be a class leader. 
sadness#Father lost his temper at home because he was mistreated at work. 
joy#My father promoted to be a professor. 
anger#Had an argument with my classmate for borrowed books. 
sadness#Finding out that we cannot have good references because China is poor. 
joy#Found out that the girl I love loves me too. 
anger#Being refused to attend the neuropsychology lecture in the medical university. 
sadness#My parents told me that they do not like my friend. 
joy#China winning the Asian Olympic games TV. 
anger#Someone told me we are not as good as the All English Class. 
sadness#Not getting the reference paper. 
joy#Hear a very nice joke made by a friend. 
anger#Found out that someone I knew well has been misunderstanding me for 2 years. 
sadness#Death of a relative. 
joy#Found my name on the list of attending the English lectures. 
anger#Being insulted in front of my parents and they believed other people those insulting me. 
sadness#Death of General Ye Jianying. 
joy#Did well in an examn just before my fathers birthday: the best present I can give to my father. 
anger#Some classmates said I did not do enough social work. Therefore I was not elected as a Tree Good student. 
sadness#My father wont be so pleased with me as if I was elected Three Good. 
joy#Had a nice letter from my close friend. 
anger#Being insulted by my roommate she is in the English Class. 
sadness#Not being able to do well to be chosen for the English lecture. 
joy#Relatives visiting me. 
anger#Saw my unfair report. 
sadness#Lecturers being unfair to me in reports. 
joy#Finding out I was chosen for the English lectures. 
anger#My roommate being unconsiderate. 
sadness#My best friend was not chosen for the English lectures. 
joy#Found out my wife girlfriend? pregnant. 
anger#Punished by a leader. 
sadness#My teachers death. 
joy#Receiving a nice present from my parents. 
anger#Finding out about some girls who have been nice to the class leader in order to go to the neuropsychology lectures English ones. 
sadness#Finding out I am not chosen for the English lectures. 
joy#Article published. 
anger#Had an insulting letter from my father. 
sadness#Being misunderstood by friends. 
joy#Finding out I am chosen to collect norms for Chinese aphasia I will contribute to Chinas catching up with the West in neuropsychology. 
anger#Someone talking about me at my back. 
sadness#Found out that my grandmother might have been misdiagnosed as a psychiatric patient because the doctor did not know about neurologism. 
joy#Going to a concert. 
anger#Being told that I have not got a personality. 
sadness#Power cut made me unable to listen to the songs sung by my favourite pop star. 
joy#Talking to my close friend. 
anger#Insulted by other people in the shop. 
sadness#My good friend misunderstood me. 
joy#Finding out that the person I love understands me. 
anger#Being mistreated by other people. 
sadness#Deceived by other people and ran into trouble. 
joy#Hear my name on the list attending the English lectures. 
anger#Being told that I am a stupid person. 
sadness#My parents failed to visit me as they promised. 
joy#Having a good trip on a boat with good friends. 
anger#Being sexually assulted on a bus and noone helped people only laughed. 
sadness#Being sexually assulted and told my friends about it we cried together. 
joy#Going to see a good film with my best friend. 
anger#Some boys deliberately played tricks on me in the experiments. 
sadness#Iqam chosen for your lecture and my best friend is not. Now he is angry with me and I cannot help him. 
joy#Being elected as class leader. 
anger#Your prejudice against psychology students and education students not allowing us to go to the medical university lectures. 
sadness#A friends brother died. 
joy#Getting into this university to do medicine. 
anger#Being insulted in public for the wrong reason. 
sadness#Not being chosen for the English lectures my girlfriend chosen. 
joy#Success in university entrance examination. 
anger#Misunderstood by friends. 
sadness#My mother was ill and my father was not at home. 
joy#Doing well in an examn. 
anger#Some foreign students playing loud music before the biology examn. 
sadness#Finding out that the girl I like does not like me. 
joy#Had a letter from my father usually he does not write to me. 
anger#Quarreling with classmates. 
sadness#My father told me in the letter that my mother is ill. 
joy#Finding out my name on the list for English lectures. 
anger#Someone told me that I was chosen for English lectures because the class leader is going out with me not true. 
sadness#My sister bkoke her leg. 
joy#Made a wonderful driend who understands me. 
anger#My best friend betrayed me and told other people my secrets. 
sadness#Disappointed by a friend. 
joy#Watching China winning the Asian Olympic games. 
anger#Being insulted by my roommate. 
joy#Talking with a nice girl. 
anger#People not resprcting my opinion. 
sadness#Lost my girlfriend. 
joy#Getting a letter from a friend who did not write for a long time. 
anger#Being insulted on a bus. 
sadness#Insulted by my mother. 
joy#Being asked to go out by someone I care. 
anger#My parents do not like my friend and told me to stay away from him. 
sadness#My friend not allowed to go to the English lectures. 
joy#I went on a picnic to the country side park. The beautiful scenary made me feel relaxed and every worry disappeared thus the picnic was worthwhile. 
anger#I quarrelled with my brothers twins at home on saturday. One of them studies in a private school and the other one is repeating his form five. They do not know what they are doing. They follow every word of their teachers books and systems. They always try to rationalize their bad acts by some game and they are satisfied with their awkward life. I have tried to persuade them very often but have failed. This time I had a fight as they have no voluntary spirit they did not polish the floor. 
sadness#I have been thinking of changing my major for a few months. My original major was Chinese language and it blocks my way. I have to face many problems at the sametime and I do not know what is real and virtuous. I do not know if I am not interested in Chinese or if there are other factors which make me sad. I am not very clear on what I can do for the study of Communication and Journalism. I am not clear about what I can do. What are the limitations? I hesitate but I feel more adjusted now. 
joy#I preached to a F. 3 students in a gospel camp. They thus knew more about God and made up their minds to believe in Jesus. 
anger#I had left a student newspaper of the Chinese university on the table of the library. It had disappeared when I came back. 
sadness#One of my classmates had a disease unexpectedly he had been in a coma for six days in a hospital before he died. 
joy#When I attended the concert of a pop singer. 
anger#I had too much homework and examinations and I did not know how to organize my work. 
sadness#When I forgot the lyrics during a song contest. 
joy#When I had a good result in the certificate examination. 
anger#In the students union there was someone who took the photocopies of two large volumes. I asked him to let me take a few he refused it for an acceptable reason. 
sadness#When another persons mother died. 
joy#Yesterday my friend gave me a gift and had dinner with me. 
anger#Last week my organization summoned an executive meeting and one of the executive members pointed out a loop hole in the committees administration. He could not suggest any improvements so I quarrelled with him. 
sadness#The death of my father. 
joy#When my application for studying the masters degree was accepted. 
anger#When I was concentrating on my work my friend disturbed me continously. I asked him to stop but in vain. 
sadness#I had asked the teacher to write a recommendation letter for me but I had not provided enough information and had run short of time. 
joy#When I first heard I like you! from my boyfriend. 
anger#I had planned to study for my midterm exams on a certain day and my roommate called me to ask me to go out for a stroll. I tried to make an excuse so as not to go out but she refused to listen to me and insisted that I go out with her. I find it unnecessary to talk to her anymore. 
sadness#Due to some reasons my boyfriend and I decided to separate. 
joy#When I read the newspaper that morning I found my candidature number on the admission list of the Chinese university. I was satisfied and happy and the cumulative anxiety disappeared. I only wanted to cry out that I had succeeded. 
anger#The trick was really intolerable. They hid it and I was worried and restless all day. When I saw them I really wanted to slap each one of them. 
sadness#A and I were walking along the new Asia stairway to the Chung Chi college for our lecture and I saw him with her. He put one arm around her shoulder and laugher brightly and joyfully. I did not dare and did not want to look just walked by them quickly. The interest of talking to A disappeared and I just wanted to remain silent. But I did not want A to know and so I left him and went to F. I should have expected this to happen. 
joy#When I learnt that I could do further studies at the Chinese university. 
anger#I was scolded by my mother for no reason. 
sadness#When I learnt that I had been betrayed by my friend. 
joy#I was accepted by the Chinese university. 
anger#I had a date with a friend to see a movie and my friend was late. I waited for a long hour and was very angry. 
sadness#The quarrel between my parents. 
sadness#In 1983 my results at the university entrance exam were very poor far from what I had expected. I thought that I would not be accepted at the university. 
joy#I had a very close friend who went to Canada after her F. B his departure was unavoidable. When he came back during the Summer holidays I was very happy as nothing had changed between us. 
anger#Before the certificate examination I was very poor in Biology the worst result in my class. Ever since F. 5 it had been getting poorer and poorer. I had tried my best and had spent most of my time studying this subject. Finally my results were so bad that I thought that it was just not fair. 
sadness#My cat died from an illness. It had been with us for 7 years. It was a lovely cat. It had been ill for one or two weeks and the veterinary surgeon had told us that it was dying. 
joy#When I could study at university. 
anger#Before the department meeting my friend ate a dish that I had prepared for this meeting. 
sadness#I had a very short term romance during the summer vacations. When we first met I felt excited but I wanted to avoid him after we had met a few times and so I proposed that we stay apart I felt very sad then. 
joy#My friend had organized a birthday party for me secretly I was very happy not so much for the presents but because they seemed to care for me. 
anger#My elder brother often criticizes my mothers cooking. Once he did it very impolitely and lost his temper. This made all of us very sad. I was very angry and I scolded him. He asked me not to interfere with what was his buisness. 
sadness#When my grandfather died I was extremely sad. However my family members did not have any special feelings they said that he was already 80 years old. 
joy#I finished my homework an important task. 
anger#Mr C took my drawing pens without having asked for my permission first and lost them. He did not tell me about it till I asked him and then did not try to find them. 
sadness#When I learnt that I had to repeat the first year I found the solution immediately but was blocked by many difficulties. 
joy#I am happpy when I get good results in the field of academics or athletics. 
anger#My cassmate laughed at me when I was being scolded by the teacher. 
sadness#I knew a girl so lovely that everyone would like her. But she refused to accept my Christmas present and I tried to forget her. 
joy#The day the results of the university entrance exam was published I found my canditate number and I was very excited. 
sadness#I separated with the one I liked most. She refused all my dates and told me that she had dated another one. My heart seemed to cease beating. I was silent for some time and then I whispered goodbye and left without turning back. 
joy#When I learnt that I had been admitted to the university. 
anger#When I was studying in the library preparing for a test two people sitting next to me talked to each other for 20 minutes. There were no other seats so I could not go elsewhere and I did not want to interrupt them so I could only be angry in my heart. 
sadness#I had been separated from my girlfriend for about a year. On her birthday I put a present in her mailbox. I had spent two days choosing a suitable present for her. I waited for a few days and there was no reply from her at last I received a thankyou card in my mailbox. On the card there was only my name the words thankyou and her signature. I was very sad then. 
joy#Talkiing about the past happy hours with two friends at night in a camp a few months ago. We shared our feelings notions and every hidden anxiety. I thought that they cared for me and I was very happy and satified. 
anger#One night I could not practise my violin as my family was watching T. V with the lights off so I wanted to listen to some tapes. It was dark so I asked my brother to bring me a torch however he scolded me. I was so angry that I slammed my violin on the floor. 
sadness#My mother suffers from a mental illness. One night she was not feeling well and was sent to the hospital. I was scared that she would die and all night I was very sad and did not dare to close my eyes. 
joy#I watched a football match with my old friend. The performance of the team was very good and the team members were full of spirit. The match was excellent and every time a goal was scored I felt excited. 
anger#When I came back to my hostel my bed was full of newspapers and dirty clothes. My roommate asked me to wash the clothes for him as he had no time this was his responsibility. The food we shared had been eaten up by him I ate little. 
sadness#My sister was impolite to my father when the family was having lunch together at a restaurant. She thought that our parents had been prejudiced against her this was an extreme thought. 
joy#I received a letter from a friend whom I was missing
anger#My classmate always borrowed my notes and would not return it to me on time. When I had a test she was selfish and irresponsible and so delayed my studies. 
sadness#When I found that my coldness had hurt somebodys sincerity. 
joy#I realized that a fellow member had grown spiritually. I was the leader of a spiritual group and had prayed for him. He did not want to burn the incense but his mother forced him to do it. Finally his mother told him that he could discontinue if he got good results at school. 
anger#I gave tutorial to a student and I found that he was lazy he did not pay attention to what I taught. He did some easy questions wrong deliberately. 
sadness#I saw a lot of starving people in a T. V news report. 
joy#When I saw the certificate results I did not feel very happy as I did not realize that I had got all the credits until my classmates pointed it out to me. My parents and my relatives praised me and I realized that my results were good i. e 2A 5B 2C. I felt satisfied with the results and was happy. 
anger#My classmate used her personal relations to get a seat for a subject that I wanted also. I had taken the pains to help him apply and I did not get selected. I did not like this as he had not told me the facts earlier he need not have lied to me. 
sadness#When my mother went through an operation it was not very serious but I was sad and could not sleep before the operation. 
joy#When I was admitted to the Chinese universiity. 
anger#Something was stolen. 
sadness#When I learnt that my close friend was going to immigrate. 
joy#When I told my girlfriend a joke openly and frankly. 
anger#My intimate girlfriend told me that her father was opposed to our relationship and had insulted my integrity. 
sadness#When my studies are too demanding and I cannot cope with it. 
joy#When I finished the work that I had planned to do my homework. 
anger#Someone played a trick on me. 
sadness#When the thing that made my friends and relatives sad happened to them. 
joy#Several good friends made me a surprise visit and this made me happy. They are my closest friends and we had not seen each other for a long time. 
anger#I worked with several classmates on a project. I was very anxious about the project while my partners showed no concern and when we had meetings on the project my classmates did not pay any attention. Some of them read books while the others argued on irrelevant questions. The meeting would go on for two hours without the main theme being discussed. We wasted time and could not reach a compromise. My classmates avoided doing the work and the responsibilities they seemed to value other projects more than this one. 
sadness#One of my good friends had to migrate to America. Our friendship had developed quite well and it was a pity as our friendship would fade. 
joy#I remember my religious experience. During a gospel camp a few friends of mine decided to believe in God. The joy that I felt at that time was more than words can express. I blessed them and praised God in my heart. 
anger#My girlfriend disliked it when I played majong a game of gambling. I expressed my regrets and when I went to see her she neglected my existance. I was very angry and left in displeasure. 
sadness#When I said goodbye to my girlfriend. I had spent two years on developing this relationship and it was unsuccessful I felt very sad. 
joy#I learnt from the newspaper that I had been accepted at the Chinese university of H. K. It was 7 oclock in the morning. Later I told my family and relatives about it and had tea with them very joyfully. 
anger#During a football match the other team was rude and they hurt my team members and me. The coach was prejudiced against us and punished us unreasonably. Later we fought with each other and the match had to be cut short. 
sadness#I heard of the death of a closefriend of mine. I had gone camping with him shortly before his death and the whole thing seemed very sudden to me. 
joy#After a busy day I went back to my hostel. I closed the door and had a drink then I read my favourite book on the bed. Suddenly I felt peace and joy. 
anger#Yesterday I read in the newspaper that a 30 year old woman had abused her 2 month old son and had caused his death. I was very angry after reading this as this is not a human act and to abuse so fragile a life is not a forgivable sin. 
sadness#I had a schoolmate who went to the hospital as her brain was bleeding. She fell unconscious for three days and when I went to see her I saw the miserable state the family was in. Moreover I could not do nothing for her. I was very sad. Finally she died. 
joy#I was appreciated by others especially my family members and my friends. 
anger#Whenever I put myself in others shoes and try to make the person happy comfort him or make friends and I am misunderstood and rejected especially when this person is a family member or a friend. 
sadness#There was a conflict of interest between me and a close friend of mine. He only thought about his own interest and not about our friendship. This behaviour hurt his friends. Another incident is when a friend isolated himself without giving any reasons. 
joy#When I received the letter informing that I had been accepted to be a Chinese university student I was excited as I had longed for it. 
anger#When I learnt that a friend of mine had talked about me to another friend and had said wrong things about my abilities and attitudes. I was very angry. 
sadness#About two years ago my girlfriend suggested that we separate. This really gave me a shock as I had never thought that she would say such things. The reason she gave me was that we were not suited for each other. 
joy#During a certain period I felt successful and extremely satisfied. When I found that any tasks or decisions that I had made were better than expected. 
anger#One day I discussed a very important question with A. A suddenly declared that he would not accept my position and thought that he himself was right. Moreover he attacked strongly not my opinion but me personally. 
sadness#When I learnt that I had failed an exam This not only influenced my emotions but also other important tasks it also made my record imperfect. 
joy#I felt happy when I received the letter telling me that I had been admitted to the university. 
anger#Once my father slapped my mother for a small quarrel. 
sadness#A few years ago my mother suffered from canccer and died within two years. We had not finished our studies then and could not bear our responsibilities as her children. My mother had tried her best to take care of us but she lived in pain these two years. Neither the doctor nor we could do anything for her as cancer is incurable. I was very eager to replace her in suffernig even die instead of her. 
joy#One Saturday afternoon I deliberately dressed up nicely I had been in a bad mood of late. I hoped to go for a walk in the soft sunlight to try and uplift my spirits. When I was having lunch in the canteen two of my male classmates asked me as to why I was dressed so nicely they had seldom joked with me before. One of them said that he had a lounge suit and we would look very nice if we wore them together. 
anger#A female classmate was always late for meetings which were for the homework and not social gatherings. We were very busy and the deadline was close but we had to waste half an hour or an hour waiting for her as we could do nothing else then. 
sadness#After a meeting ended we started talking about when we would have the next discussion I had many tests the coming week and could not have a meeting in between I thought that they would understand this as they had always done. They did not understand my problem and thought that I should not have so many other activities. Their reaction made me burst into tears. 
joy#It was the first time I met him my boyfriend Mr. W. It was during the first term Summer vacations. We met each other while handing in our homework. He invited me have a trip with him and we were together till 8 P. M. 
anger#One day I had sunned my favourite shirt and was putting it back in the wardrobe when my younger brother snatched it from me and wore it. He had not had a bath and was very dirty. I scolded him but he answered back and locked himself up in a room. I was very angry so I starteed kicking on the door and abusing him loudly and freely. 
sadness#When I was a child I was playing on the upper deck of the bed with my brother. My parents slept on the lower deck. My father felt disgusted and beat me up. I felt very sad as my father had never beaten me or scolded me before. 
joy#I had gone camping with my old classmates and there was a storm. We were in a flurry but at that time I felt the love and concern of my friends. 
anger#I had a very good friend in secondary school. The year after our graduation I prepared to celebrate her birthday and I called off all my appointments. I got together the other friends and we were ready to give the entire day to her. However this friend disappeared on her birthday. When I phoned another friend I didcovered thay she was busy I did not call her anymore. 
sadness#I am a Christian but I cannot find any meaning in life. It seems that I am deceiving myself but I cannot find the way out. 
joy#When the result of the certificate exam was announced. I was surprised and happy as the result was better than I had expected. 
anger#My sister once stole my mothers money and made her very angry. After this my mother would beat her up for unreasonable reasons. One day my sister lent her book to a friend without telling my mother about it. When my mother learnt this she beat her up and even threatened her with a pair of scissors. 
sadness#My academic result was poor and I had to repeat the second year. I felt sad about the coming several years. 
joy#I was admited to the Chinese university of Hong Kong. The day the results were announced I looked in the newspaper and saw my candidature number. 
anger#When I was in F4 I played a basketball match against another schools team. One of their team members kicked a teammate of mine so I kicked him back and we had a fight with each other. 
sadness#I received the midterm exam paper of one of my major subjects and I found that I had failed it. 
joy#When my performance homework or other work is better than others. 
anger#I had a date with my girlfriend the time and place had not been fixed. I asked her to phone me an hour later as it was midnight and I did not want to disturb her family. I waited several hours for her call she did not call me that night. 
sadness#When I found that my ability to do ordinary work was worse than my fellow mates. 
joy#During my Summer vacations I planned a carnival for the community youth center with a few other volunteers. I was the head of the organizors and we spent over a month planning it. During this period we got to know and understood each other. We discovered each others potential and we planned many interesting things for the carnival. The day of the carnival everything was bright the programmes went well and the attendants enjoyed it. I felt extremely excited about it. 
anger#I was a prefect at secondary school. On the sports day I told others that I would take down the names of the people who misbehaved and after some time I sat down for a brief rest. Suddenly the head prefect came and scolded me in front of others. I was very angry as there were other prefects sitting and he picked on me. I thought that a brief rest was not serious enough to be blamed. 
joy#When high level results were declared I found my candidature number. I was very happy as I had not expected it. As I had been injured before the examination and I had performed poorly. 
anger#When I got into a bus I found that my wallet had been stolen. It was not a great loss from the monetary point of view but I lost some documents identity papers. As a result I had to spend several days in order to get a new one. I will always remember all the work I had to do and the bad treatment I suffered because of the bureaucratic behaviour of the civil servant. I had already had bad luck and they treated me like a criminal. At one point of time I really wanted to quarrel with them. 
sadness#I quarrelled with my younger sister because I had said something against her boyfriend. Consequently she looked through me when she saw me as she thought that I was trying to separate them. She had misunderstood me. 
joy#After attending a song contest proposed by a band called Chyne we 6 of us waited for the members of the band to greet us in front of the stage. We went out after a few minutes as it was time to close the hall. We had been waiting at the entrance hall for ten minutes when three of the band members came out. They were very excited to see us one of them was so excited that he had tears in his eyes. We felt very warm and close to each other. They took us back into the hall and we talked freely. We were together for about an hour and during this time we felt that they were very sincere. 
anger#The day the results of the Chinese university was announced I should have been very happy however my grandmother because of her prejudice and misunderstanding started a quarrel with my mother. She expected me to take her side and she deliberately talked of my mothers wrong doings. I was very angry because one my grandmother was not being reasonable and two because it should have been a happy day and three we had moved into a new house that day. 
sadness#When I was in lower six class during the Summer I joined a research group of the Chinese university student union. I knew a lot of CV students there. A year later one of them was travelling in mainland China and he got T. B. He died a few weeks after coming back to H. K. We all got together for the funeral and when I looked at the body for the last time I felt extremely sad. 
joy#When I received the result slip of the higher level examination an university entrance exam and saw that I had a very good possibility of being accepted into the university I felt very excited. 
anger#Last week I had planned to play tennis and had booked a tennis court. However when I arrived at the university gym the clerk told me that the court was being used for lessons. 
sadness#When I was ill and had to stay at the hospital for a period of time. 
joy#I had a dream : I had a very close friend who had several stone houses in the New Territories villages but they did not have much furniture. He took me to see his fields I had never seen them before and there were several inches of clear water on which the sunshine was reflected. I wanted to sit among the short green plants in the fields but was afraid of treading the plants to death. My friend said They will not die and I sat down happily and my trousers did not get wet. 
anger#My friend often played a joke on me and sometimes I thought that he was a nonsensical person. Once when we went to a friends house he walked in first and shut the door firmly behind him. I felt that he did not respect me and moreover I was his friend so he should not have behaved like that. I was very angry as it is I was in a bad mood then. 
sadness#I suddenly found that those whom I considerered to be my good friends did not care for me. Although I could still be with them I felt unimportant. I deeply thought about the reason behind this so as to see who was responsible for this. Finally I made up my mind and decided not to expect too much from them. I was sad when I decided that they were no longer my good friends. 
joy#During the exam period I studied in the library alone. A close friend of mine who is also a classmate told me that my application for a Japanese intercultural exchange programme had been accepted. I was not very sure as I did not know that the list had been declared. I ran to the board and saw that I was really included in the list. I was so excited that I smiled all day long. When I met my classmates and friends I told them the good news. I was so happy that I could not concentrate on my studies. 
anger#We had fixed time for practice as we had to participate in the interdepartment song contest. I arrived and found that there was nobody there. When I went to the canteen I found them eating lunch. I was so angry that I aired my greviances to one of them and then left. 
sadness#A friend told me that he had suffered in love and in academics. I shared his sadness. 
joy#That afternoon I rushed home to look at the result slip of the higher level as fast as possible. I opened the envelope very carefully and found that my results were much better than I had expected and thus I could enter the Chinese university. My diligence had paid and I was very happy. 
anger#Whenever my father smokes the smell makes me feel very uncomfortable. He never listens to my complaints and I curse him furiously in my mind. I cannot solve this problem by violence because of traditional moral values. 
sadness#My got my mathematics tests marks and could not believe that it was true. In the past I would have at least 80% marks. Was I getting weaker at studies? This made me feel that I should not expect too much from going to the university. 
joy#One night my boyfriend expressed his love for me in the canteen in the presence of my friends by giving me a present. 
anger#I came across a girl at the school busstop I had seen her several friends as she was a friends friend. However my friend had never introduced me to her and when she got off the bus I smiled at her but she did not respond pretending not to have seen me. Her arrogant behaviour made me sick and angry. 
sadness#My examination results were not satisfactory even though I had tried my best. Then I started wondering about my abilities for the major subject. However I did not know how to choose my major subject if I were to change it. 
joy#When two female classmates and I were having lunch we chatted and cracked jokes I was very happy. However I felt that I may have said something inappropriate which might cause them to have a bad impression of me. 
anger#My friend halfteasingly called me a bad nickname. I felt insulted and kicked his hip in anger. I was stable later and did not feel angry at him. In fact I was afraid that the other friends who were with us would think that I was an intolerant person. However I could not apologize so I pretended that nothing had happened and smiled when I left. My friend did not say anything but just watched me leave. 
sadness#Last night I did not do very well in one of the subjects. Before the result was announced I feared that I would fail. Finally I got a D and as the results of the other subjects were not all good I felt a little sad. 
joy#When I received a letter from the university telling me that my application had been accepted. 
anger#Someone spread rumours about me. 
sadness#One night my father suddenly suffered from a heart attack which lead to breathing difficulties. 
joy#I had a picnic with old classmates we chatted and played games. 
anger#When I saw that my bed at the hostel was a mess I guessed that someone else had used my daily necessities. I felt that my personal sanity had been affected. 
sadness#During the Physics experiment session I did not understand the content of the experiment and did not know how to do it. 
joy#It was the first time that I gave a birthday present to my friend. She wrote me a letter as she is my girlfriend. The content of the letter was so sweet that it made me feel very happy. 
anger#The surname of my brother was different from ours. He often grinned at home and provoked others for the pleasure of it. This made me angry. 
sadness#When I was in primary 6 my father died. I was very young then and did not know what had happened. The weeping of my relatives and my tears made me sad. 
joy#In August1983 the long awaited big envelope a document for C. U. H. K admission arrived. It was in the afternoon and I had not been doing anything. When the postman with his big bag knocked on the door I knew what it was about. I hurriedly opened the envelope and my mood at that time is hard to describe. It lasted several hours and only calmed down later. 
anger#In September 1984 I was forced to live with someone I did not like. The first week we were at loggerheads and our conversation was like a debate. The atmosphere was very bad. When he learnt that I had got 95 marks in a test he told me A failure You lost 5 marks. I was very angry not because my marks were lower than his but because I could not tolerate his pride. I did not show my discontentment and carried on doing my work. 
sadness#This issue worried me rather than saddening me. In mid September I went to Guanggho alone. I was looking for an accomodation in the evening and after having walked 2 or 3 miles I still could not find anything. What could I do? I was not worried about sleeping on the streets but because of some procedural problems. I finally found a place to sleep at 8 oclock. 
joy#I received a letter from a distant friend. 
anger#Two years back someone invited me to be the tutor of her granddaughter. The granddaughter asked me some questions in mathematics so I taught her. However she did not listen to me and this made me feel unhappy. The second year it was the same. When I entered university the girls parents suggested that I be employed as their daghters tutor. They told me that at university there was no homework and I would have a lot of time so they made a timetable for me which required me to be the tutor five days a week. They did not respect me and anyway I had another child to teach. 
sadness#I had taken the responsibility to do something and I had prepared for it. However I failed because of my timidity. After three attempts I still could not adapt to the atmosphere and failed as before. I felt imcompetent and felt that the others would think that I had not prepared for it. 
anger#I hate everything in the world. 
anger#I hate my teacher as he scolds me unnecessarily. 
sadness#My friend started to hate me when I ratted him out. 
joy#Oh the carefree days of childhood. 
joy#I love playing childrens games. 
